YSKX3 A person is hitting the sides of their bed with the palm of their hand. They push on the mattress then fix the blanket and walk to grab the pillow that is on the chair and throw it towards the top of the bed.
T5ECU Two people are sitting at a window, the person holding a vacuum leaves and the other one drinks from the cup and looks out the window while the dog jumps up.
AAH6R The person checked a mirror to be sure their shirt is on properly and sat down.
015XE A person standing in a kitchen is taking a picture of a light.
TJZ0P A person is sitting in a chair looking out the window. A person picks up a book and begins sneezing. A person then starts to eat a sandwich.
B82GJ A person standing at a stove stirring a spoon in a pot.The person turns and walks away toward a table picks up a towel and blows his nose.
A1BS2 A walks up to a counter, folds up a towel and then straightens up the counter, and walks away.
ZBBOO A person is drinking from a mug and holding a box.
AF8I2 A person is sitting on the floor eating from a plate of food.  The person then starts working on homework.
4WVTC A person is carrying a blanket up the stairs.
T56KO A person walks into a room and takes clothes from a chair, they then begin to undress.
DUZDL A person wakes up and heads to their closet where they grab clothes and places them on the bed.
6H78U The person is checking his phone then decides to fold, organization the clothes on the couch, and tidy up.
GL2JW A person takes a drink of water, then closes a cabinet door, then walks out of the room.
GM3UK A person is standing in front of desk. The person begins cleaning up things on the desk. The person finds a camera on the desk and begins taking pictures with the camera.
WISO0 A person enters a room and sits on a couch, checks some shelves, picks up a bag and throws it on the floor.
YN3AA a person walks through a door with a plate of food in their hand, turns on a light, sits down on a bed, and takes a bite of some food
YSE1G A person wearing a towel walks through a door and closes it. The person stretches, then pulls the towel off and drops it on the ground.
RS6EK A person sits on a bed and plays with their phone while laughing.
MAUMO A person sits down a couch and watches TV while drinking from a glass. They put the glass on a table and rock back and forth on the couch smiling at the camera.
5EEXF Person walks up to a cabinet get a blanket out of a cabinet fold it and put it into the closet
L3ZRP The young woman is fixing a webcam while watching a video on her laptop at the comfort of her own home with her dog.
VW4UD A person is sitting at a table and eating some food. The person then takes a towel, puts it over their shoulder, and takes the dish to the sink.
VCYH8 A person is making coffee. A person then turns off the light in the kitchen.
CUSTU A person is sweeping down some stairs with a broom, they then sit down and begin working on their laptop.
C10FA person opens up refrigerator and pours some milk then moves something off a chair and grabs a book
9SJZ9 A person is wrapped in a blanket, laying on the ground, playing with a phone.
RNLTR The person takes of their sweater and sits on a sofa. The person then sits down and takes off their socks.
SBI6Z A person is sitting in a chair playing a video game. The person picks up a glass cup from a desk, drinks from the cup, and starts playing the video game again.
CDULZ An individual is having a drink by the door and brings in a bag to the kitchen.
1FX8Q A person is sitting on a floor opening a bag. The person throws a phone into the bag and closes it. The person then gets up and walks through the doorway.
GF6IX a person gets medicine off the sink and puts in a bag
3SKWW A person in a room is folding towels. They smell the towel and sneeze.
YF6FL Person in room holding box, grab objects off shelf and placing in box, puts box down, sneezes, wipes hands in shirt, turns, opens door and walks out, closes door behind.
HDHGT Person walks into a short hallway and opens a pantry door, then reaches on the top shelf for a box a cereal and shakes the box. The person then reaches into the box and suddenly sneezes twice. Finally the person, places the box on her thigh and reaches back into the box of cereal.
4ALLQ The person is cleaning a mirror with a towel. The person then tosses the towel on a sofa, and starts touching a small table.
GFJ98 Person is looking at a picture. Person walks into bathroom and places picture on shelf. Person then leans in the doorway.
JR6VG A person runs into a house through the front door. while another person sits in a chair.
10M0F A person is standing up looking through a book.  They throw the book down and sneeze as they walk.
HFMUK A person is putting something on the shelf.
ZHRPD A person takes a towel and folds it while sitting. The person then puts the towel away and takes a phone. The person types on the phone
VNQTH A person brings laundry into a closet, they then take out their phone and begin laughing at it.
BQA97 A person is sitting in a room in a chair. The person opens a laptop and looks at it.
MK16R A person is placing food into a cabinet, picking each item up and walking it over to the cupboard. A second person is standing behind them, holding a box to their face.
Y79PC A person is standing looking out a window. The person then turns, takes off a sweatshirt, and then turns out a light and walks away.
E9UYZ A person is standing in the living room holding a blanket and a cup of coffee. They set the cup of coffee onto a table.
YK49T A person picks up a camera from a shelf, takes off a shirt, and then puts the camera on the floor in another room. The person then grabs a bottle of medicine, also places it on the floor in the other room, and shuffles back and forth.
S5KQ1 a person opens a box then picks up a broom
WXXYY A person opens the door and walks inside. They look at their phone, then set it on the table and begin to fix the doorknob.
LSCMZ A person walks into a kitchen holding a pair of shoes. They put them on the counter and grab a towel. They then take a phone from their pocket.
PZJMP A person is sitting on the toilet, while another individual comes in and brushes their teeth.
K7Z6T A person put shoes into a bag. The person then close the bag.
08LOY A person is standing at the top of the stairs fixing a light and the stairs. A 2nd person runs up the stairs, then grabs a book and runs back down them.
KV6V8 A person is standing in the stairway looking at a laptop. Another person comes up to them and talks to them.
REMG0 Person walks in room, looks in mirror, takes off hat, plays with hair in mirror, reach for glass on shelf, pours water on clothes in sink, puts glass back, touch clothes
6IOV0 A person is siting in a car drinking soda with a laptop on their lap. They take a drink then pic up a picture and look at it.
HA8S9 A person has a broom in their hand. Another person enters and throws a pair of shoes under the desk before sitting on the bed.
SJ51G A person is cuddling a blanket, and then puts the blanket on the floor in the closet.
5RWZF A person enters an entryway of a house holding a book and a broom. The person stands still for about a second and then starts to walk.
F75LG a person standing on stairs takes off a coat and sets it down, then drinks from a container and picks up a towel.
N56QO The person is working on a laptop in the kitchen. They drink from a glass and continue working.
A7WU3 The person is sweeping or mopping the floor and then walks away.
MZZ8Q A person places a book on a shelf.The person takes their shoes off and puts them in a chair.The person turns and starts walking of of the room.
0PU21 A person is standing while drinking out of a cup and then sits the cup down to adjust a picture frame on the wall.
TE4PT Person sweeping the bathroom and picking up a blanket and folding it.
6IL0C A person is cleaning an office, tidying up books, putting away shoes, dusting and using a vacuum.
6UU5T There is a person laying in bed with a pillow
WZDXS A person is putting on a jacket. A person then picks up a sandwich and eats it, while watching television.
7XMBM one person cleaning a sink and one person walking and eating from a bowl and lay down on a bed
AYZS4 A person is sitting at a table eating a banana, they the pick up a mirror and begin to tidy the table around them, afterwards they pick up a towel and begin washing the mirror.
IAEGA A person walks to a doorway with a plate of food and laughs.  Then the person flips the light switch and walks away.
N1E7A A person is looking through a cabinet and removes a bag from it. The person then walks down the stairs.
6IHRD A person is taking a drink from a can and the sweeps the floor with a broom.
FLLUJ Someone is looking out of an open window and sneezes as they close it. Someone else is sitting on a bed doing homework.
SU26P A person is looking a a video on a phone and laughing. The person is standing in front of a coffee maker.
XHYA2 Someone is holding shoes and drinking from a cup. They throw their shoes behind a door and sit on the bed.
DCSYP Two people walk past each other in a room. One person is looking at their phone.
Q6290 The person is standing and holding a plate in one hand, and using the other hand to eat an apple. The person is also watching television while standing.
E6ZBZ a person sits on the sofa while playing a game on their phone and gets frustrated
J56G6 A person cleaning a window while another person sits on a bed in a bedroom eating a sandwich.
4GLAP Someone is standing in front of the door with shoes in their hands. They put the shoes against their feet to measure them then they throw them off to the side and open the door and walk out.
YB7MW A person is lying on the ground against a pillow and drinking from a glass while watching television.
CH41S A person puts a broom into a cabinet and then puts something else into a cabinet and then takes it back out again.
A42EF a person comes threw a door shuts it and locks it.The persons turn and picks up a glass and takes a drink of water.
YE6TZ A person puts a book down on a chair then drinks some water in a doorway.
Z88CI A person enters room and takes a cushion from the floor and puts it on a stool, then takes a statue and puts it on the cushion.
UJVCW A person walks into a room and picks up a cell phone from the table. After looking at it, the person picks up a vacuum and plugs the outlet into the wall.
QLGHA A person is puts a broom down and then looks at picture.
2CJC9 A young lady is fixing herself up in front of a mirror. She then turns to the medicine cabinet and seems to rearrange it. At the end she grabs an unknown product.
K7VCU A person walks across the room, turns and leaves the room. Another person shakes out a cup over the sink, places it on the counter, then picks it up and puts it on the shelf.
XO8NL A person who is standing and holding a pillow throws his pillow towards the ground and then adjusts the position of a mirror on his wall.
UE638 A person is walking into their home with a bag of groceries with another person stands in the hallway looking at their phone.
OY3LS A person standing in front of a door opens up a laptop and closes it. They take off their jacket and then pull a phone out of their pocket and looks at it as they walk to a table to set it down. Then they walk to a sofa and then lay down and cover themselves with a blanket.
W3NN2 A person is sitting at a desk while playing with a camera. They get up, walk to the door, put their hand on the knob and turn off the light.
X06Z6 Person is sitting on a bed typing on laptop. Person then takes of jacket and continues typing. Then the person looks out the window.
XF2ZM A person is taking off a jacket. A person then holds a box, while looking at a book.
CLAWJ A person is typing on a laptop. Then they close it and put it down on the bed while standing up to unbutton their shirt and take it off.
ALJ7B A person opens the cabinet and takes out some dishes. A person then fills a glass with water and drinks it.
TR652 The person was reading a book siting down,then she lie down kept on reading the book.
LLRKS A person in a laundry room pours a cup of coffee and drinks, then looks at a broom hanging on a cabinet, then takes the broom from the wall and dust a picture on another wall.
ZMY8M A person is fixing coffee and taking a bite of their sandwich. They open the cupboard above the stove and close it again.
AWN1C A person washing dishes in a sink drinks from a coffee cup and then is lying down on the floor.
5T0NX Person runs in the room and then pick up a dish and run out of the room.
1GGRY A person opens a door and takes out a some dishes then closes the door. A person is sneezing in the hallway.
Y44TV A person walks over and picks up a pillow with homework on it from a chair. The person laughs while holding the pillow and looking at the homework.
3QL7J Person walks in kitchen and stats cooking on stove. Then grabs something from fridge and eats it.
RG0KS A person is playing with a blanket. A person then picks up a box off of the floor.
QO4FV A person is drinking some water.  Then the person pours the water out into the sink while laughing.
BLWIW A person is sitting on a bed taking off their shoes while another person stands near a window with a laptop.
QF1Y0 A person is sitting on the floor. A second person walks through the doorway carrying a bag and a book.
N5PLR A person is wearing a blue tshirt and a flannel shirt.  The person takes off the flannel shirt and sits down in front of a laptop computer where there is a game of computer chess going on.  The person makes a move in the game, gets up and turns the camera off.
ENOLD The person is watching a television. He then turns off the television with a remote and sits down on a chair at a nearby desk. The person then reads from a book.
5SMU6 A person holds a towel than their phone and leaves the scene.
B4XZD A person reading a book while holding a cup walks through a door, and then proceeds to walk up a flight of stairs.
8H570 The person in this video is sitting on a couch.
IOQFA A person stands in the kitchen, puts a box on the counter and opens it, and looks at something in the box.
4QGP6 A person walks down stairs holding a glass and sits, sneezes and puts the glass on the stairs. The person then begins to removes shoes.
P3CLM A person is sitting down with a pillow on the person's lap. The person is reading a book.
8UCK1 person holding something and opened the shelf. kept it in the shelf. left the kitchen
F3M1Q A person is in a kitchen. The person takes off shoes and tosses them. The person turns on a stove, then grabs a glass and takes a drink.
UEVVN the person came into the home, removed his shoes and closed the door
02DPI A person is sitting on the sofa laughing while eating and drinking.
8YK8Y comes into room carrying tray with dishes.  Sets down on ottoman.  Picks up bottle, opens.  Shakes something out.  Puts some back.
8NEYJ One man is dressing while another paces back and forth in the bedroom, looking out of the window.
81VSN A person is walking over and begins fixing a television, they then walk out through a doorway
DZ9UB Someone is closing their laptop while standing in a closet.
RQ3AK A man is taking down a picture while standing. Another man is standing while hugging a pillow.
Y89SO There is a person sitting at a table working on a vacuum.  That same person stops working, picks up a towel and wipes their face with it.
MUQBW A person is sitting at a desk doing homework. The person takes out their phone and plays with it. Another person walks into the room and picks up a glass.
SM4AO A person places a bag on a desk and hugs their mirror.
QH3WP Person walks over to a bed and lays down on top of a towel and starts looking at a camera.
S591U A person is sitting on a bad looking at a computer. Another person throws a towel on the bed.
E6DLK a person sits in a chair then duns to the door and looks out window
DJVKE A person is sitting on the stairs doing homework and eating a snack.
PUA7P person sitting on floor doing homework
IIL9C The person is laying on a couch with a coffee mug in her hand. The person leans back and takes a bite of a cracker. The person then takes a sip of her coffee mug, places it down and takes out a medicine bottle from her pocket.
7229M A person is looking at a pair of slippers in their hands, they put them onto their feet. They turn the water on in the bathroom sink, take a sip, dry their mouth off with a towel and pick up a book and walk out of the bathroom.
B0XI9 A person walks into a room and opens a cabinet. They then remove some food and a glass of water, and the person drinks from the glass. The person then sneezes.
KE5EM Person walked into a room and sat down in a chair going to a bag wiping his face.
BLLCM There is a person sitting on a sofa watching television.  That same person picks up a phone off of a table.
AKU63 Person walks into room through doorway unwrapping a toy.  Person laying on bed gets up and stands looking at another person, then sits back down on bed.
NUKJ0 A person put clothes in the dryer.  Th person then seized a book and leafed through it.  The person then grabbed a drink.
KQDX6 A MAN IS STANDING IN THE HALLWAY LOOKING AT A PHONE WHILE AOTHER MAN HOLDING A DRINK WALKS PAST HIM AND OPENS A DOOR
EURF2 This person picked up a blanket from the floor and placed in on a bed, and then sat down.
26JZM person puts pillow in washing machine then looks in mirror and fixes hair.
D8ZZM A person is standing on stairs and measuring a place to hang a picture frame on a wall.
TZ9FE A person runs into a closet holding clothes. A person puts the clothes away and starts picking up other clothes.
TLDYG A person opens drawers then grasps a picture from a shelf, looks at it, and laughs.
FZAEP Person coming into the room to vacuum for a while, and the, unplugs the vacuum and leaves the room.
I3ZG0 A person takes clothes from a box.
13TNX A person walks from their entryway to the television. They do something to the television then open a cabinet and move things on a shelf.
R5O7F Person is cleaning up in their room putting items on the shelf before grabbing a shirt and putting it on.
ZL3QP A person opens a pantry and takes out some medicine.
W1CG2 A man sits at a desk, props his feet up and eats some food, then gets up and walks away.
2RFLZ A person walks into a room and picks up a cellphone off of the desk. They talk on the phone and then place it back on the desk.
XOOTA Person laying on floor with blanket on, sits up, grabs object on floor and looks at it.
QE4YE A person standing in the kitchen sets a bag on the counter top. They pick up a broom and begin cleaning the kitchen floor.
QI0EL A person is sitting on the sofa working on a laptop and then watches tv.
GKH0F A person is sitting on a bed when another people walks in and grabs a bag.
9YLUH A person is leaning up against a table holding and fixing a camera in a kitchen. A second person pops up from behind a table and starts fixing a doorknob.
L8CC0 This person is pacing back and forth and also reading a book.
LV4U7 People holding a broom and a dust pan open a cabinet then take some medicine.
75M1Z A person is standing still playing with a ball. The person drops the ball, opens a box, pulls out a book and sits down to read.
165K2 A person is picking up a box on a floor and looking out a window
T63X2 A person a sleep on a bed,wakes up and yawns .The person sneezes a couple of times,the person moves the covers and pulls out a loaf of bread.
YVKIV person puts a bag on a table then holds a book
LH4VT A person tidys up dishes on a table, a pillow on a chair, and finally another chair before picking up the dishes and walking away.
KNGRY A person enters a room holding a box and a sandwich.  The person looks around the room while placing the box on a shelf.  Next the person picks up the box, flips the sandwich over and continues to walk on.
ZDV60 Person opens wardrobe door using doorknob takes out jacket and shoes   and puts on shoes and jacket.
XMYXI A person is sitting with a laptop on their lap laughing at what they see on the screen. Then they put the laptop on a bed and pick up a broom and start sweeping.
Y2MGC A person is holding a laptop. A person opens a box and takes out another box.
V0WK7 Two people are in a hallway in front of a door.  One person is putting on a winter coat.  The person has trouble getting it on at first because it is still buttoned.  The person unbuttons it and then puts the coat. The other person stands watching with a plastic bag held out.
PAA7V Person drinking something from a glass put the glass in a box finish and began to juggle ball at a desk
LBRYS A person grasps the doorknob of a door, but refrains from opening it. They kick off their shoes onto the floor instead.
GA7SB A person is walking over to a bed, they then begin undressing and and sit on the bed and open a box, they take some food out and begin eating it.
SLAH4 A person closes a door and then tidies up a room. The person turns out a light and walks away.
NATEB A person is sweeping and then they open and close a door.
CIWWB One person is cleaning a window while the other person is cooking no the stove.
3IPI3 person standing picks up cup drinks picks up book opens
T96JC A person opens a door, enters a room and closes the door. They put their shoes on the floor, grab a vacuum and leave.
L005N A person is sitting in a chair holding a pillow. They are looking at a laptop.
8TSU4 the person is standing at kitchen counter, they began to walk and stops all of a sudden to sneeze then continues to walk to the refrigerator and pulls out the juice.
3G991 One person is standing and holding a blanket while another person washes a dish in a sink.
SBM3M A MAN IS SITTING ON A COUCH WHILE DRINKING OT OF A CUP WHILE ANOTHER PERSON NEXT TO HIM TAKES SOMETHING OFF THE FLOOR AND PLACES IT ON HIS LAP
PTQE0 person tidies things on a table and another person behind uses the vacuum
DO48Z A person picks up a pair of shoes and puts them on the shelf of a closet
CC2VQ The person is vacuuming. The person then cleans the stove with a towel and a spray bottle.
N2DZN A person is taking a jacket off while holding a phone. A person then takes off their socks.
KA09C A person is rubbing a glass bottle on a piece of clothing on top of a washing machine. After finishing, the person takes their shoes off and turns off the light.
AVL8A A person is walking into a room, picks up a book from a table, lies down on a couch and reads a book.
MRTH4 A person sitting on the steps puts on their shoes before looking at their phone and smiling.
H0L5S A person sits on the floor and looks into a mirror. The person gets up and takes a towel off the doorknob and leaves the room.
T7HZB A person places clothes on a stove before getting dresses and taking a book.
ZXHCH A person removes their homework from their bag and places it on the desk. They play with their phone, then sit down and open a book.
W86WR A person is sitting on the couch looking at a laptop and taking off their shoes. Then the person walks away.
3IMTV A person is trying to fix a vacuum cleaner, but they give up. Instead they pick up a box, take a blanket out, and wrap up in it.
BD9UN One person is folding clothes in a doorway while another person is pointing at them and laughing.
H7WMW A Young person stirring a pot on the stove while talking on the phone.
C46TD A person is washing dishes, and looking out the window. A person dries their hands with a towel.
7MRKY A person is sweeping the floor with a broom and dustpan. After finishing sweeping, the person walks to the table, closes the laptop, and leaves the room.
U1DE4 A person takes something out of their pocket and then undresses in the doorway. The person sticks their clothing in the entertainment center.
LABN7 Person A is tidying up a shelf and Person B is eating a sandwich while they watch Person A clean.
K8MZH A person turns on a light and walks over to the refrigerator.
41A89 A person is sitting on the floor cleaning out their refrigerator. When they are finished they close the door and then lay down and take a nap.
CUQYX Someone is laying on the floor, then sitting up and removing his shoes and putting them into a bag.
3P055 A person walks down the hallway. They get dressed, look in the mirror, then check the doorknob.
OETY6 This person is sitting in a chair, throwing up a pillow & catching it and taking sips of what appears to be coffee or tea in between.
7HSZJ A person is cookiing on a stove then throws towels at or out the window.
KHAH3 A person is holding a book and walking down a flight of stairs, stopping several times.
2OHTZ Person is using their laptop while drinking coffee from a coffee mug.
H0Q6V A person is sitting on the couch with the tv remote. They take their shoes off then lay on the couch and watch television.
GLSU2 A person is eating a sandwich then takes a towel from a cabinet and cleans their face.
NRGQB Person coming down stairs with pillow in hand, kicks off shoes at the bottom, and then turns around to go back up stairs.
JVLAZ A person is lying on a bed, sneezing. After a few moments lying down, the person sits up, grabs medicine and water from the nearby chair, and begins to drink.
MPN7K A person is using a vacuum on the living room floor. A second person is sitting on a couch, snuggling with a blanket.
SPF63 The person is sitting in bed and turns on television and watches it, as he pulls a camera out of a box and throws the box on the floor.
FGRL2 Person is sitting at desk doing homework and holding cup of coffee then looks at their phone.
DG179 A person is lying on the floor in the laundry room watching a broom.
TBRZ5 The person stands and grabs a pillow. The person then fluffs the pillow before placing it in a seat and sitting down on the fluffed pillow before starting to play on their phone.
4YBN9 A person is standing around and feeling around in his pockets for a while.   He then walks towards the door and opens it.
GQ341 A person is pouring coffee into a mug.  The person then picks up the phone and smiles at it while doing something on the phone. The person is sitting at the table.
3HLP7 A person is closing a door. A person then looks at a picture. A person then begins to sneeze as they look out the window
9UU4W A person is holding a book. A person then grabs a bag and puts groceries in.
9ESSY A person is sitting on the stairs, as another person walks up the stairs, while the person on the stairs is playing on their phone.
DGPAW A person is looking at a picture. A person then walks out the door.
WD35N A person is grabbing pillows from a cabinet.
E002I A person turns on a light and goes and snuggles with a pillow in bed. Then they get up and close the door and lay back down.
YIG5G A person is sitting on a sofa drinking coffee and another person walks in the room from behind a curtain and takes a seat in a chair.  The person on the couch pours a cup of coffee out of a thermos and gives it to the new person.  They both drink the coffee.
D6DC1 A person enters a hall and lays down on a floor with a cup ,the person gets up with the cup and looks in the mirror and starts smiling.
4H61U A person moves some clothes around in the closet, then grabs clothing from a chair and puts it on.
WX8N8 A person is standing in front of a mirror on a door. While looking at them self, the person takes off a jacket, picks up a blanket from the chair, and puts it on before finally looking at the mirror again.
NUW9G A person puts a towel in a plastic bag before walking out of the room.
5B9XE A person runs through the door, takes off their jacket and looks at their phone before turning out the light.
79VVK A person walks into a closet and rummages through a wardrobe. They take out a blanket as well as some medicine they look at. They run out of the room.
TU9K1 A person is looking in a mirror while sneezing and opens a doorknob and starts folding clothes.
RON2M A person opens a closet and takes out a picture, puts it in a bag. The person then takes a book, puts it in the bag, and closes the door.
BDNMB A person is using a laptop on top of a box.
7177T A person takes some clothes out of a wardrobe.  The person moves a door and smiles and turns on a light.
0KTWY The person took a drink from their thermos and then sat down and began to play with their phone.
MSACP A person is sitting on a couch holding a camera, they then take a drink from a glass and work on their camera.
PCNUP A person walks into a closet and places and picture on the floor, then puts on a coat.
V6RRM A person is sleeping on a table while sitting in a chair, wakes up, then wipes the table with a towel before standing.
6CAZU A person is sitting in a chair tying shoes them another person comes in and grabs a sandwich off the counter.
SH6MU A person is holding a box, while another person is drinking from a cup.
QLAS7 A person looks at a picture for a few seconds, put it in a cabinet and then walks away.
OGX19 A person sitting in a chair next to a window is interacting with a phone while playing a video game.
AGGSE A person is sitting on a couch holding a pill bottle.  They look at the bottle for a bit then get up and throw it on the floor and then go and sit back down on the couch.
QN7Y2 A person walks over to a television cabinet with a pillow opens and closes it while watching tv.
0WYBK A person is sitting in a chair reading a book eating a sandwich, they put the book down on the floor and pick up another book
GMPHO A person holding a towel opens a closet door and grabs bags from the bottom and throws them out.
O1LMX A person is standing by the stairs holding a laptop and a book they look at the book and put it on the stairs, then they open their laptop. and sit on the stairs and start using the laptop.
FG9NT A person fixes their sink while eating and texting.
RAGOI Person sitting on couch watching television gets up and picks up a cloth to wipe mouth.
HQ8K2 A person sneezes and then walks to a table to pick up a sandwich.
DTNFC A person is washing their hands with a blanket draped over them.
HHNTA A person is pacing around a room while eating something. After stopping, the person takes off their sweater and puts it down in a box.
2P7A9 The person was sweeping stopped, picked up a paper sat on a chair by the desk and read the paper.
MXRF4 A person is tidying up a desk and then they leave the room
CEZ4D A person sitting in a doorway, pulls a blanket over top themselves and proceeds to pull off a hoodie from under it. The person proceeds to throw the blanket to the side and picks up a broom.
KFLI0 A person turns off the lights while wrapped in a blanket and holding a pillow.
3DFOQ A person sitting down and holding a book. The person is also playing with a shoe and its shoelaces.
J48N6 A person walks up stairs holding a bag. They put the bag on a shelf, and begin undressing.
GTHNX A person is watching a video on their laptop while working on their homework.
WZZPC A person leaves a room and enters a hallway.  The person sneezes.  The person then opens a door.
3VT73 The person sat on chair reading  a book on a desk trew the book on the floor,pulled a phone out of pocket and started to used the phone.
VXXOU A person is sitting on a chair, at a table. The person is wearing a blanket, and staring out the window. The person then shivers.
SUG5S A person is washing their hands in the sink. The person then begins to peel a orange.
DWIS8 The person stands on the stairway and takes off a jacket. The person walks down the stairs and drink out of a soda can. The person picks up a towel and looks at a picture.
D1WYU A person walks into a bedroom and tosses a bag on the bed. They then sit down in a chair and take off their shoes.
MUE2B The person opens the door to the bathroom, turns on the light, and steps in towards the toilet. The person then looks at the window and steps into the bathtub to look through the window more carefully.
NO443 A person is standing next to a television then sits down on a sofa and plays with their shoes.
JBFPI A person is working on a laptop. The person grabs a glass and drinks from it. The person continues working on the laptop. The person grabs the glass again and gargles with the liquid in it.
0J1BT Person walking upstairs, then takes off jacket, puts it on stand, looks back and continue walking upstairs.
AOK1L A person walks into the house through a doorway and takes off their shoes while another person comes into the room takes a drink from a bottle on  a computer desk.
RXQEJ A person is holding a pair of shoes, which are tossed and more or less juggled, and then the person picks up a mug and pours some water into a nearby toilet.
8AR3Q A person walks towards the front door holding a cell phone. The person bends down and takes a picture of something on the floor with their phone.
UD8SH A person is sitting at a desk and the stands up and is sneezing in a towel.
VIN5T phone,pillow
BVDIM A person is standing in front of an open refrigarator eating a plate of foon, then they walk to the dining room and put the plate on the table
SRTX6 A person holds a blanket and takes food from a shelf, then places it on a counter.
ZAN58 A person holding a bag sneezes in the closet.
JTXAM A person is sitting on the sofa, reading a book. The person then sneezes, gets up from the sofa, and turns off the light.
Z1Q3E A person wrapped in a blanket fixing them selves a cup of coffee .The person lays the spoon on the sink turns and walks away down a hall.
1410C A person walking while holding boxes, suddenly stops to look at something that was in her other hand.
RBQ9Y A person is taking off a shirt. The person then picks up a shirt and puts it on. A person then sits on the bed and puts on their shoes. A person then picks up an article of clothing and throws it on the bed.
SUJWY A person is sitting in a chair while watching something on a laptop. The person then begins to laugh.
MXATD A person picks up a skillet off the counter and moves it to a different counter while picking up a sandwich. They put the sandwich on the counter and open a cabinet. They reach in and get a bottle out of the cabinet and pour it out on their sandwich, then put it back in the cabinet.
H608V A person is running in circles and eating a sandwich and drinking a glass of water while watching television.
N9KNS A person is standing in a room looking in a bag, while another person is looking out a window.
CIUVA A person is cleaning up in a kitchen, the person starts off by washing some dishes and then turns on a laptop, then the person picks something up and puts it away in the refrigerator.
DLFPX The person is standing on stairs, looking up while holding a bunch of papers and a bag. The person then walks down the stairs and approaches a table in the kitchen.
YB67Z A person is sitting on a chair at a table. They close a box and put it on the floor.
S7OTQ The person sat in a chair reading a book. The person stood up and placed the book on the chair and walked away.
YMJ6E A person walks over to a door and opens it.  That same person stops and picks up a pair of shoes before leaving the room.
OHNUQ A person is eating food while watching television.
U5QJR A man sits down in a chair and then throws a towel on a doorknob.
11L5M Person is sweeping up in the bathroom. They then proceed to run in place,
X9M5B The person was sitting on a sofa using a laptop then laying down on the sofa still using the laptop.
1O1JS A person is cleaning a sink while smiling. The person pours something into the sink.
FRGXE a person walks into a room sneezes and drinks from a cup. a person walks to the bed, sits down, reaches into a box and pulls out an item.
W0J8C A person is drinking coffee. The person then takes medicine. The person puts the cup down and walks into the bathroom.
Y4U6T This person appears to be in a bedroom, sitting down, gets up, places a pillow on a shelf and then walks out of room.
XACI3 A person is playing with a laptop. A person then picks up clothes and puts them into the dryer.
GFPDD A person walks through a door with a box of grapes. They take it over to the sink and start washing the grapes.
OHOFG A person is sitting in a chair doing some homework.
9VF2C A person is seen waking up then they get up from their bed and walk away.
YNWMW A person sits and eats out of a box and takes a drink out of a glass of water taken off of a shelf. The person then stands, grabs a broom and walks out a doorway.
AWR2R A person picks a broom up off the floor, grabs a book and leaves the room.
8BGE9 A person standing in front of a refrigerator in a kitchen, holding a bag of food and laughing.
9IST8 A person is sitting on a couch holding a cup of coffee looking out a window.
YE47Y A person is sitting on the couch hugging her pillow. She moves the pillow behind her head, lies down, and starts playing with the phone.
D61NH A person is sitting on a bed drinking coffee, another person sits down looking at a laptop.
13XM4 A person picks up a box of food from the floor. They put the box on a table, and pick up a cup and laugh.
2B8ML A person walks to a shelf and looks at items stored there. The person picks up a framed item and looks at it.
LUTIO There is a person laying in the floor. That same person then gets up and picks up their shoes.
E0OJ8 There is a person stacking books on a coffee table, then they open a bottle of water and pour some in a glass.
Z3H4P A person is dringking some coffee and then moves some dishes around. The person then places some food from a pot onto a plate.
LE7PM A person walks into the room, throws some food on the table, lights some candles, then turns out the light.
JKGTN A person picks up a pillow from a shelf and then picks up a cup of water and drinks while holding it and then smiles.
120YL A person stands at a counter in a kitchen. The person  opens a plastic bag on the counter and takes out a box of cookies. The person opens the cookies and takes one out. The person opens a cupboard under the sink and takes out a plate. The person takes the plate to the table and eats the cookie
1440M A person is snuggling a pillow an rubbing their head. A person picks up a bag from off the floor, and closes the closet door.
A2X7Q A person walks into the kitchen then takes a bag out of a cabinet. The person puts a sandwich into the bag after opening it.
DL6HP A person is tidying up some items in a cupboard.
YAFX0 A person walks into a room carrying a clothes hamper they they look out the window then they open the washer and empty the hamper in the washer.
NO1GJ A person standing front of a dryer takes off their jacket .The person picks up a towels lays it on the dryer and picks up the sweater and put sit in to the washer .
MPHFU A person is holding a picture  then they begin to wash their hands in a sink and dry them with a towel.
SLT0S A person is sitting in a chair at a table while writing with a pen to work on their homework.
43ODF Person in a laundry room tries to turn door knob, door knob doesn't turn, person tries fixing the door knob while messing with shoes.
3XL0K A person closes a cabinet, then walks out of the room.
1L5D3 A person grasps a pillow from a shelf and begins tossing it around.  They then place it on the bed.  They pick up the pillow and begin playing with a phone they are holding.
L5YHH A person is eating food. A person then turns on the light. A person then opens a closet door and walks away.
UUPJS a person holds a broom and then looks at a couple of boxes
9ZE0J The person in the pink shirt, ran up the stairs to tell the friend something while they were putting on the scarf.
IKK13 A person is standing in a kitchen holding two pieces of bread. They put the two pieces together to make a sandwich and smile while another person is holding the back of a chair.
C7R3J Person kneeling on floor opening box, places objects in box, then places some cups on the floor.
W019T One person is working on a laptop, another person walks in carrying a bag, and starts cutting up beans on the table.
B32CU A person goes over to the sink and washes a cup. The person then pulls a couple of sheets from a paper towel roll.
FXU6S A person sits on the stairway working on their laptop computer. Meanwhile another person stands in a doorway.
ETDTU A person has turned on a stove in order to prepare something but instead grabs a mirror.
MB281 A person opens a bottle of medicine and drinks it. They grab their laptop, turn off the light, and leave.
Y4GHN One person is playing with a magazine in a kitchen while the other is cooking something and putting something into the cupboard.
92WXO A person looks at a mirror and dresses. Reaches out of the picture for something and then holds it.
ZKK73 a person sneezes and then grabs water out of the fridge
0QAZ7 Person is pouring something from a bottle into a wastepaper basket and cleaning a shelf with a towel.
39I5H 1 person is eating while another person is vacuuming the floor.
3N1I2 The person places a sandwich into the refrigerator, then picks up a pillow and walks out.
PMJKO A person takes a small vacuum halfway up stairs then lets it fall to the bottom while holding a glass of something.
S572F A person puts a blanket in the washing machine. The person then smells a blanket and cuddles with it
73ZXZ A person places some food into a cabinet and walks away.
X817Z A man is sitting on a sofa with a book, then walks to the kitchen and makes a sandwich.
DSZYT A person is drinking from a cup. The person stirs a pot of food and tastes it. The person continues stirring the pot of food.
ATV2F A young woman is putting on a football jersey and then checking her laptop while sitting on her bed.
DUSJO A person takes their jacket off and shirt of in front of a window. The person then dumps the water out from a cup into the sink and puts it away
EXYY8 A person carrying a laptop enters the room, puts down the laptop, and then looks at themselves in the mirror. Afterwards, the person leaves the room and closes the door.
GOPZI A person grabs a laptop from a table and places it into a bookbag.
OKIVH Two people are standing in a kitchen. One is looking at a book and the other one is looking in a mirror and fixing their hair.
36T5X A person is sitting on the floor with homework. A second person walks through the door and looks at the first person, closes the door, walks away, starts to unbutton his shirt and sneezes.
5P284 Person sits at a table while playing a game on their phone. The person walks to a window and opens it.
L0HDB A person walks through their living room into a kitchen and opens a cabinet. They take dishes out and place them on the counter and rearranges them back in the cabinet.
IWTWJ A person takes a blanket and throws it on a chair. They sneeze and then jump on the chair
K7NRW A man sitting on a bench takes a sandwich wrapped in plastic out of a plastic bag and begins to unwrap it when the camera person turns to view someone apparently repairing a door, and turns again to reveal the previous man eating his sandwich.
ST7MR A person walks into a room and closes the door. A person takes off a shirt. A person folds laundry and puts it on a bed.
FVINY A person sitting at a desk in a chair, reading a book, drinking from a cup, eating a snack from a plastic container.
VE6GK A person is laying on a bed adjusting a cover over themselves while watching TV. Then they throw off the cover and sit up while turning off the TV.  When they get up from the bed the move over to a chair in front of a desk and sit to read a book.
DH4UX A person is in a closet cleaning with a red vacuum, then sneezes and blows his nose into a black towel.
AZPOX a person is standing and cooking
CUHT0 {}
VJ0LT A person pours soda into a glass and sets the glass on a table and then closes the door.
4CAB5 A person ligts a stove and begins cooking in it. He then turns on a light, walks away to the fridge, opens a Fanta and drinks some.
HLB3J There is a person using a vacuum on the floor.  There is a different person laying on the couch under a blanket.
VG7S6 One person is sitting on the edge of the bed, sneezing. Another person walks in with a folding chair and vacuum.
YNF6O A man is stuffing clothes into a bag and zipping it up as he kneels on the floor.
2S9LB one person sitting and screwing a cap on a bottle while another person sits and talks on a cellphone
UX0YW A person is flipping a broom back and forth in the kitchen, before dropping it. Another person is leaning against a wall, watching the first person and drinking some coffee.
IKJGO A person is sitting on the stairs reading a book. They put it down, walk away and start cleaning the refrigeration.
B50MB A person is eating on sitting on stairs then gets up and walks away, while a other person is sitting on them steps next to them.
29R4M A person is standing in the living room, looking at something while next to their desk. Another person walks up to the first person with a pair of shoes, and bother people walk away.
FVOU0 A person is sitting on a bed drinking water while another person is cleaning a door.
MWPZ1 A person is folding up a towel and setting it down inside of a cabinet
XOWBN The person walks into the room while holding a piece of bread and puts it down on the table. Afterwards, the person goes into another room and drink from a cup.
CG83G A person is seen folding a towel and placing it on the couch.
4VJDU One person is sweeping the kitchen and sneezing while another person was putting on shoes.
QSVXJ A person is playing on their phone, while another person holds a towel and then drops it on the floor.
TKAUR A person reads a book while drinking from a glass than puts on a jacket.
NJANX A person is wiping things with a towel. The person takes a box off a table and puts it on the floor.
URK3G One person opens refrigerator and drinks water. Then, another person walks in with a magazine and starts reading it.
GV0L7 A person turns on the light and sneezes. They sit on the sofa and begin working on homework.
TRHT1 The person  stood up and took off his sweatshirt.
1NJOQ The person walks in the room and finds a chair. The person sits in the chair and opens the cabinet.  Next the person looks through the cabinets and picks up a bottle.
CXNYW A person is eating a sandwich while seated near a desk.
EHS68 A person comes into a room and undresses while another person picks up shoes off the floor and throws them across the room.
1AA3I Person standing looking at book and pages. Another person touching and looking out window.
E5ZF5 A person is sitting on a sofa with a dog picks up a box of fruit, opens it, takes out 1 fruit then put it back and closes the box. The person then picks up a glass of water, takes a sip and then put it back and pulls a blanket to cover them.
61IVZ A person enters through a door, puts their bag on the floor, and undresses while tossing their clothes on a chair.
0J471 A person is lying on the floor in the hall on some tennis shoes.  The person gets up. turns around and runs down the hall.
E0YEK person picks up closes sits in a chair and looks at a picture
W5ZY8 A person is standing in a kitchen or some type of food prep area. They appear to be holding a towel over their left arm as they stare into the camera and smile for a few seconds.
SW5TC Person wakes up in bead, looks at TV, and picks up shoes.
3MZZI a person walks into a room with a bag they sneeze and  hit the wall and drop the bag they pick it up they zip up the bag and walk down the stairs.
3YQE2 A person is vacuuming and walking up stairs. The person sneezes, then turns the lights off.
MA6GY person sitting on the staircase and opened a box , took some groceries and kept them aside.opened the cap of the bottle andate some thing
7O6FK A person threw a piece of clothing down a stairwell and then took a painting off a nearby wall and walked with it downstairs.
XJE7I A person goes opens a door and turns on a light .  The person looks in a bag and picks it up from a counter and closes the door.
T42IZ A person holds a bag of groceries and then puts it into the refrigerator.
6HT0J A person sitting in a chair holding a cup.The person puts the cup on the floor and reaches over ad picks up a book and opens it flips some fo the pages than closes it and puts it back .
6X6Y0 A person is seen using a tool to fix a desk and smiling.
WKPQ3 A person throws something onto a chair and then opens a cabinet while talking on a phone.
OT35M A person puts a towel on their shoulders and then trows the towel on the floor before taking a picture with their phone.
7R44Z someone sweeping out a closet and putting clothes in a washer.
W0QSB Person is cooking something on stove in pan, then walks to sink and starts doing dishes.
UMTLM The person turned on the faucet of the sink, washed his face, and then walked to the door and shut it.
UPT25 A person is sitting on the couch, and then proceeds to fall asleep.
C83CH A person gets dressed in front of a mirror in some clothes.  They undress and put the clothes on a desk then walk away.
KWJ5O A seated person is eating a sandwich then stands and walks to a sink, puts the dishes in that sink, and looks out a window.
5NG6Q A person is standing in the kitchen and appears to be doing the dishes.  They put some water in a glass, then dump it out into the sink.  They then take a pot, dump some fluid onto a surface, and then wipe it down with a towel.  The person walks away after this.
9LRJZ A person is standing in the closet.  Another person then walks into frame and begins laughing uncontrollably with something in their hands.
6OQYV A person runs into the laundry room and puts a blanket into a washer, they then close the washer and leave, turning off the light.
LKH9A A person walks through a door into a closet. They turn on a light, grab a book and sit down to begin reading it. Then they leave and close the door.
FOP0L A person is drinking a beverage while watching the television in another room.
SUE5L There is a person sitting in a chair drinking coffee.  That same person then picks a towel up off the stairs and walks away.
QQGU3 A person is taking a box and a dish out of a cupboard and opening a box while kneeling.
DK9PH someone taking things out of a bag and putting them on a shelf
IQA16 Person taking a pineapple and bananas from a bag and putting them on a table before leaving the room.
JP5NM A person takes their jacket off and throws it down, and then picks up a blanket and a sandwich and walks out of the room.
PJDUN A man is lying on a bed.  He gets up and walks to a shelf and grabs a book.  He walks to a desk, sits down and begins to write while reading the book.
82QZP A person is sitting down on some stairs and is putting a picture frame together, then looks at it.
NDDHA A person is cleaning the bathroom sink with a towel.  The person then puts on shoes and leaves.
C1DK7 A person is sitting at a table working on their laptop. they then close the laptop and hold their phone before walking out the door.
T06AT A person is holding a pillow. The person with a pillow walks into the bathroom where someone is showering.
3LIGG A person walk to a doorway holding a broom. Puts broom down and stands in doorway.
WPU76 A person in the living room moves a cup to the sink for cleaning. They then pick up a pile of clothes off of the living room floor.
DYWLL A person is sitting in a chair and reading a book while laughing.
LXEPT The person is sitting down at a table and writing into a notebook
WTIQ3 a person walks into the living room holding a bag, places the bag on the ground then goes to get the broom, and sweeps the floor
2AIP4 A person is sitting at a table touching a medicine bottle. They reach down and pull on a water pump that's by their chair and then opens the medicine bottle and puts some medicine in their mouth. Then they get up and walk over to the kitchen counter and turn a light off.
1HYO4 A person is standing while talking on the phone and holding a broom.
30I35 Person pours a drink into glass, drinks from glass, sets glass down, and uses phone
BPZ55 2 people are in a room one person is fixing a shelf while the other person is drinking water and directing the first person.
1E1EN A person is putting clothes in a box. The person drinks soda, then continues putting clothes in the box.
FJYZH A person stands in front of a chair, carrying both food and a book. After a few seconds, the person drops the book on the chair and begins to eat with newly-free hands.
Y50QF A person is sitting at a table eating food. The person gets up and pours coffee. The person then opens a box.
ECW3E A person opens a closet door, picks up a laptop and begins to fix their hair.
L39A4 A person sits on the floor and does homework. They then stand and leave.
874F1 Person drinks from a cup and then picks up a pillow and a book and dances with it.
COFJV Person sitting on stair case, opens up black backpack and gets a sandwich out, and then goes upstairs getting the sandwich.
U8M2P One person is sneezing and holding a sandwich while another person tidies up a wardrobe.
D8FTI A person puts food into the cabinet. The person grabs a towel and wipes the cabinet.
3VH9O A person is sitting in bed reading a book. They eat food out of a box while reading.
WF89D A person is smiling while they drink from a cup, they reach for a mirror and they look at themselves in it before putting it down.
N0NLE A person playing on their phone, then smiling.
5R7VN A person in their living room takes off their shoes and closes the door.
V0ZD9 Person at the sink washing a dish and hands then walk over to a jacket and put it on.
W292V A person is sitting in a chair. They yawn, drink coffee from a glass, then open the wardrobe door and stand up.
G7K5A someone throwing a pillow and grabbing a jacket
R4SJJ A person walks in the room carrying a bag of clothes.  The person closes the door, empties the clothes on the bed and places the bag on the floor. The person then folds the clothes and closes the window before picking up a book from a table and opening it.
FYHTC A person takes a drink before playing with a doorknob. The person sits on the floor and plays with a cell phone and then stands up and opens the door.
690SL A persond playing air gutar with a broom
YDWIW A person is taking pictures of a person that is sitting on the couch with a plate of food watching tv.
ZX37G A person sits down at a table and opens a laptop.
LA6AA A person with a blanket goes into the bathroom and stands in the doorway.
YHXU9 A person takes off a sweatshirt, places it down, opens a book, and then places that down.
7RA0M A person walks down the stairs with a laptop.  The person then places the laptop on the stairs.  The person then successfully descends the stairs.
A6R12 A person is all covered up and laying on a couch watching television.
YJ1KW person sitting on bed with laptop another person walks in sits in a chair
PH5VU A person put on a shirt and buttoned it up, then put on a jacket, then took a book from a shelf and looked at it for a moment before exiting the room.
WUTHF A person runs into a room and throws some dishes on the floor, and then throws a sandwich on top of them.  Another person grasps a doorknob and opens the door.
VJG6E A person throws a blanket before sitting in a chair and working on their laptop.
7KHIH a person grabs something from up high then grabs a coat
C4KQS While one person is standing in a doorway, another person walks into a kitchen. The second person takes a container off a shelf, opens it, and places it on the counter
RUKXT A person is standing and holding a laptop. Suddenly the person sits down on a rug and continues to work on their laptop.
ZND9F A person is holding a yogurt in a bathroom in the air inspecting it they then walk out of the bathroom.
WF7P3 person holding a cup walking to a door
TKJCI The person is on the bed taking pictures with a camera.
8V8HC a person walks into the living room and throws a pillow on the ground.
9JZO2 A person stands in a doorway holding a glass and sandwich. The person eats from the sandwich then walks inside and puts  both items down before dressing and putting on shoes.
0UK3H A person is sitting on a sofa and opens a box. The person then takes tape from the table, and starts taping the box.
I7AS7 Person is walking quickly into the kitchen and opening a bag on the table which contains a food container, the person continues to eat quickly.
JKWJ6 A person is laying on the floor with  a pillow watching television.  Then that same person sits up and takes a bite of a sandwich.  That same person then stands up and throws something in the trash.
JFBTV A person turns on the light, opens up a closet door and enters the closet. This person then exit the closet, closes the closet door, turns off the closet light and has a sip of water.
5C4EK A person sat in a chair, flipping through pages of a book, then bit down on the corner of a sheaf of papers.
W8P6Q A person sits on a chair in a living room and looks into a mirror and laughs, then the person gets up from the chair and lays down on the floor.
KZ36U A person is running into a garage. The person begins using a camera, stops to look at it, then cleans it off on clothes.
VMO7A Two people sitting on stairs. One person is eating food, the other is pouring a liquid between cups.
4NHRT A person grabs a bag off a shelf and puts it on while walking up the stairs.
I87SH A person is lying on the ground. A person stands up, and closes a curtain on a window.
U5RYN A person is holding a coat. They turn on a light and throw the coat on the floor while walking and smiling.
KVXJ9 One person uses a broom to sweep while another person runs up the stairs.
MX6X6 A person is sitting on a chair at a table while watching another person who is holding a glass ascend a stairwell until he disappears from the fram.
QMIKJ A person walks into room with laptop, sets it on desk then lays down on sofa and starts watching tv.
P8G2P A person is standing near a sink, taking slips of paper out of a bag one at a time and looking at them before setting them aside. The person then puts one paper back in the bag, picks up the bag and walks away.
4KK20 Person standing near door looking and smiling at box, reach in pocket takes out a phone, looks and smiles at it, answers it, yells at it, throws down box.
62AC0 This person is sitting at a computer and drinking a beverage.
NW0KT A person walks to a cabinet, opens the door and takes out a book.  The person then opens the book and looks through it while looking at a mirror.  Then they put the book down, pick up a cloth and clean a mirror.
ZM7BR A person walks out through the doorway.
VSLJG A person is laying on a couch watching TV. A second person walks in the room and sits on the couch and picks up a pillow from the back of the couch.
V8IGX A person opens a door and walks through the doorway while carrying a bag of groceries. They put the bag on the floor next to the sofa and sit down.
41F2M A person fixes a mirror, picks up a book off the counter and places it on the toilet.  Then they turn on the water and wash their hands.
W5YUE Someone is picking up a blanket from a chair and throwing it somewhere before standing over as sink and washing a glass.
HNDA6 A woman is in the bathroom brushing her teeth and taking pills
4H935 A person is lying down on a chair. A person then wakes up and turns on a light. A person then drinks water. A person then puts on a shirt.
3EDGW A person makes tidy some shoes on the floor and dishes in a cabinet
EFUTW A person opens a refrigerator door and takes out a glass. They go to the sink and wash the glass.
M6HAF Person is opening refrigerator door, dropping to the person's knees, and taking out an apple from the bottom drawer.
F9VSQ A person smiles into a camera with a cup in their hand.
8D4ZT A person is taking groceries out of a bag, while another person is folding an article of clothing.
DZUR7 Person A is fixing a doorknob while Person B is holding a cup and cleaning a pillow with a towel.
IMLN5 A person is playing on their phone in the garage. They pick up a cup from the shelf and take a drink.  They then sit the cup back down.
NYHD7 A person is sitting at a desk. Another person is standing and talking, and laughing on a phone. The 2nd person then leaves the room.
977PN A person is sitting on a blanket next to a broom while sneezing.
FJYWX The person is opening an envelope. The person puts the envelop on the table. The person takes off a shirt.
JEB7V person eating the food by sitting on the bed, looking out the window, closed the food packet and took some medicine into hands
RSRK7 A person is touching a doorknob in front of a mirror.
51RLB The person is sitting on stairs, with her laptop on her lap and typing while drinking a bottle of water.
81R72 The person is just standing there for a couple of seconds starring, then the person walks away to shut the door
BEJVY A person sitting in a home office eating from a bag of potato chips, then puts the bag on a desk and picks up a laptop and looks at it then places it back on the desk.
GFK4S A person is sleeping with a blanket, they stand up and open a cabinet.  They go through the cabinet for awhile.
VNUPE A person is making a sandwich in the kitchen before sweeping the floor.
HSWPR A person is sitting on a couch in their room. They reach over and touch a lamp. They proceed to turn the lamp off, then back on again.
C6INR A person picks up a broom and starts sweeping, then picks up a phone, lays on a floor and starts playing with the phone
93HQR A person looks at the bottle of medicine in her hand and then checks her phone.
MNNJS A person is washing dishes in the sink. The person then sets the dishes on the table, and pours coffee into a glass.
WT46G This appears to be standing up in living room, walks over to couch and sits down next to friend, picks up a mug and tv remote and then walks back to shut off camera :).
3LMTS A person stands at a stove cooking some food in a pot.  They pick up a phone and talk into it.
1LBUG A person walks to a door, sneezes, then looks at a bottle of medicine.
URAIM A person is sleeping on the sofa snuggling with a pillow , they then awaken they then awaken and stare at a picture.
TRVEA A person is sitting on a bed holding a pillow. The person throws the pillow and then plays on a toy laptop.
GHPO3 A person hugs a blanket before leaving the room, returning later to move the camera.
BO12I One person is opening and closing a refrigerator door while another person is throwing a pillow in the air and catching it.
8QWE4 A person walks through a doorway holding  a box. The person washes a window then the person looks at a picture.
TBEV0 person removed jacket and hang it to the hanger in th ewardrobe, sat on the chair by tightly holding the pillow with hands
5HPZ1 A person sits in a chair and reads a book and checks their phone.
NI15V A person is sweeping the floor with a broom and then throws a towel at another person that is standing in the doorway.
I6TPS A person is cooking some food on a stove.
3Q6N1 A person sitting at a desk opens a laptop and takes a bite out of a sandwich before sneezing.
69R8T A person is sitting on a bed eating food on a plate. A 2nd person walks in and takes the food and hands the 1st person a glass. The 1st person drinks from the glass.
S2FUO A person is on his knees at a table holding a phone. The person takes a box from the table and places it into a cabinet, then puts the phone on the table. THe person stands up and walks to the stove
5OV3M A person is doing homework and eating. The person then picks up a glass of water and drinks from it.
1BGZ0 running with a grocery bag and shoes  out the front door and closing the door.
T7ST5 A woman is eating out of bowl in her kitchen.  She then wipes her mouth with a towel, puts it down and walks over to the window.
8YD0O This person is sitting at a desk watching something on a laptop, then beings eating something.
EMXAG A person opening bedroom door, walking in and tossing a backpack onto bed.
G40U3 A person walks into the hall, puts shoes in the closet then drinks some water from a bottle.
35LUV A person is washing clothes in a sink and then opening a cabinet
JZZH6 A person is standing on the stairs, and fixes their pants. After, the they step down the stairs,  turn on a lightpick up shoes from the bathroom, and walks back towards the stairs.
PS7XK A person standing at the top of stairway holding a laptop and pillow.
SJ4IG A MAN IS SITTING ON THE BED AND IS PLAYING AROUND WITH A CAMERA.  another person comes in and then grabs something off of the bed.
SVIXG A person opens a food container and eats out of it
BIQGN A person is getting a towel from a shelf.
XJA7Z A person drinks from a glass.  They ignore a sandwich on a towel in front of them.
JIUH7 person is drinking water from a glass and holding a bag while they walk down some stairs, and walk out their front door.
GHOR6 A standing person is throwing clothes from a hamper onto a bed, one piece at a time.
QUXYH A person snuggles a blanket then eats food from a box on a table.
Q0IHP A person is cooking food on a stove and also takes a drink from a glass.
OIL1V A person is in a hallway trying to fix a light while drinking a glass of milk
OWCJT A person in a bedroom undresses, then takes a glass of water from a desk and takes a drink
8SDK5 A person walks into the frame of the video carrying a box and keeps bending over, almost laughing multiple times before sitting down with the box on her lap.
X11CU a person is sitting on the table and eating breakfast. a person apsses by behind. another person walks over to the window and places his hand on the ledge of it
PLJIZ The person walks to closet in bathroom and opens it. Person throws a towel on a pile of clothing and pulls out a blanket, wrapping it around shoulders and walking out.
SS3IL Person walks towards computer monitor, picks up a small plate and sets it on the floor, sits in chair, gets up and looks at cell phone
HY4FS A person puts a beverage on the floor. A person then pours a liquid on a trashcan.
LQMXW A person sneezes into a towel and than throws it into a chair, then picks up a vacuum and starts using it.
1VF27 A person is sitting at a table writing in a notebook. They flip through the pages a bit then take a cookie off a plate and eat it, then take a drink from a cup.
4ZJXR Person sitting on the couch eats some chips then picks up a soda off the coffee table and takes a drink
STHIK A person runs through a room eating and holding a cup of coffee.
MA4YN Someone is in the bathroom taking medicine from the cabinet and reading the labels and then setting them in a box.
9PXI9 A person is sitting at a table then gets up and grabs a laptop and opens it.
3W1GP A person walks in through the front door and takes shoes off, then takes off bag, and then takes homework and laptop from bag.
BIB6C A person is sitting on a chiar next to a window, they then get up and blow their nose in front of a mirror.
YGL6R A person is taking dishes from a table and clearing the table.
TJIK7 A person sits down and pours a glass of coffee. They take a drink from the coffee, set it back down, close a door that's open next to them, and sit for a moment. Then they get back up and walk towards the front of the room.
LSFJG A person is putting on shoes and running in place, then picking a mirror off a table and looking into it.
U9KYC Person is walking around living room picking thinks up.
ZKSR1 Person walks to a table and picks a picture off the table hold in hand and looks at the picture careful
9MNZ5 A person sits at a table watching a video on a laptop while eating. A person picks up a book and begins reading.
448J4 A person walks into a dining room holding a plate of food. They put the plate on the table. They then pick up a pillow and sit on a chair.
H032R A man walked out of the bathroom and threw his towel on the ground. He then walked to his bed and sat on a pillow.
JHB0M A person is sitting down  on a table and another person is standing playing on their phone.
HI75B The person opens a door under a staircase and shines a light in.
2ADJI A person is standing, and puts away bread into the fridge. They take a mug from the counter and take a sip from it before putting the mug back.
38B3F Person stands by door eating food. Then person is approached by another person holding a book. Person looks up, other person turns and walks away.
1RD2K A person closes a door while grasping a doorknob. Another person runs up to them holding a shoe box.
PUY34 The person opens up a cabinet, closes it and then grabs a broom and begins to walk away.
G6K7T A person grabs a hose, and a towel and washes something.
J1MMG A person is taking clothes out of the dryer and sniggling with a towel before grabbing a bottole from a shelf.
QACLT A person is opening a cabinet door and taking out an object, their phone then rings and they answer the phone.
GF7DV A woman is leaning on the drier reading a book and holding a pillow.
9UPC6 A person took a small cup from a shelf, put it below a sink, took out another cup,filled it with water and drank it.
SBBJG The person walks through a hallway holding a box then into a bathroom to sit on a toilet. Afterwards the person removes clothes from the box.
J3Y7L A person is sitting on the stairs and laughing as they hold a box. They put multiple dishes into the box and then close it.
EJY5V A man sitting on a bed playing a video game gets up and walks to the window.
OE243 A person picks up a box, walks up the stairs and places the box through a doorway.  Then the person picks up clothes off the floor, throws them in a closet, picks up a broom and sweeps.
GY8P2 One person is holding a broom. A second person sneezes, picks up a broom, and sneezes again.
4FX6G A person opens a closet door and then walks into the kitchen where they grab two plates from a shelf and place them on the counter.
N3U9S A person opens a cabinet door and puts something in it.  They then take a cup off a table and drink from it.
NWMAP The person is cooking at the stove.
99B6U A person running down stairs with books in their arms.The person gets to the bottom of steps picks up brief case puts the books and sits it back down in front of the steps.
DR7K0 A person is holding a broom. A person puts the broom down, and starts putting on a jacket.
HGXRQ two persons one writting in a book and one is rubbing a picture
28BVI a person undressed his jacket then took a bite of his food and also drank water.
TJJKK a person eats and plays with his phone in bed
D6J8Q A person is fixing a television then picks up a pillow and leaves.
BAZWG A person is vacumming under a table after moving a chair then gives up and walks away.
S06H3 A person is walking aroun a car they go to a shelf and puts down something and leaves the  room.
JXTAD A person is cleaning the wall. They carry a blanket while they turn off the light.
15RTV A person was talking on the phone while eating some form of food. This person, while talking on the phone and eating, also picks up a pillow and puts it in a hallway closet.
SW8VM A person is holding a blanket, and a pair of shoes.
Y80PJ A person is in the kitchen and opens the fridge to grab some food.
2TAT3 A person is walking through a hallway holding a can of a drink they walk into the closet they pick up a book and then they tak a drink and then they put the book down.
XVI3M A person is sitting down playing on a laptop, they put the laptop down and stands up from the couch and walks out of the room
DSI0N A person walks in holding bags. They are talking on the phone.
QLEN3 A person is fixing his own hair while looking in the mirror. Another person comes by and takes something from under the sink and swallows something.
BRQBD A person is lying on a bed. They awaken and take a picture from a box. they put the picture down and lay back down.
H5RBY A person eating food at a table finishes and tidies up. They then take some medicine.
DU416 A person is grasping a doorknob as another person holding a bag walks out through the door.
X9LP4 A person vacuumed a closet, then sat down in a chair. The person pulled a book from a plastic bag that was hanging on a doorknob and began to read.
1W6YY Person go to the cabinet take clothes out the cabinet but on a shirt and a jacket.
LR0L8 A person picks up a pillow from the couch and sicks on the couch. The person then picks up a remote control and turns on the television. The person then picks up another remote from the table, laughs, and gets up from the couch.
L8RW8 someone taking off their shoes, shirt and glasses to wash their face.
GJC1G A person walks into a room sets something on the floor, grabs some food out of a bag and then drinks water.
HXUAH A person walks down a hallway with a bag in their hand. They sit down and put shoes into the bag. They then stand up and return back down the hallway.
EZRQW A person is taking pictures with their camera in a hallway. A 2nd person runs to and plays with the first person.
M98YV Person come into the hallway walk down the hallway with a sandwich in hand talking on a phone while walking
LR9KL A person tidies a floor with a vacuum.  Another person, laughing, runs through the hallway toward them while holding a blanket, then turns around and runs back.
LIQS5 Someone is using a camera in the bathroom to take a selfie, smiling at the camera.
7IPW7 A person stands in a doorway, drinking coffee from a glass.
UBCH6 Person drinks water while standing in the kitchen reading a book.
BI4KK An individual is sitting on a couch drinking something. In addition, they are holding a load of clothes.
L0QNM A person watches tv, then goes to the mirror and takes of a sweater
9OCQT A person is holding a box. A person then puts down a box, and picks up a bottle of water and begins drinking it while looking in a mirror.
LLTBQ person opens door and stands with a blanket over sholder playing on phone
G2DIN A person goes to closet and puts box on shelf. Person then arranges some clothes a pulls out a shirt.
NKLTK A person awakens in a chair, then runs to the window to look outside.
2FPB3 A person holds a book than grabs a camera.
FC2SK Person #1 walks in carrying groceries and leaves. Person #2 was sleeping on the sofa under a blanket. Person #2 awakens and moves to the desk to work on their homework.
Q5MDU A person is walking through a doorway.
OSK3Y 2 people are in a kitchen.  person one is cooking at a stove.  person two is standing with a blanket wrapped around them and sneezes.
RJD1Z A person is turning on a lamp that is sitting on a dryer they are taking clothes out of the dryer and getting dressed with them.
TCI7K A person walks down some stairs, holding a camera. The person sets the camera down on a table and picks up a phone. The person sits down on the stairs and begins playing with the phone.
ON2Z4 The person opens a closet door, turns on a light and takes a blanket and book out of the closet.
9KDP0 This person runs into the laundry room, opens a book, flips through, puts it down, then picks up a laptop.
8T2MI The person played with a camera for a moment, then placed it on the dresser. They tried to open the cabinet but it was stuck.
PSAVM A person is using the sink and they have a towel on their shoulder.  They turn off the sink and turn around to throw the towel in the laundry basket.  They then turn back around, sneeze twice, turn on the sink once, and then quickly turn it back off due to sneezing a third time.
MBAA5 a person holding a box and putting it in a closet
2PZBY A person walks into a room, opens the door to a pantry, sits on the floor, then begins looking around inside. They grab some food.
YOCRB A person is vacuuming, they then grab a cup of coffee from a chair and sit down and begin drinking it.
TDAY1 The person is laying down typing on a laptop. The person then gets up and picks up a broom.
21WN7 A person sits on a chair while eating from a bowl.  They get up and put the bowl down on a table.  They then begin sweeping with a broom.
VZE8E A person is sitting on the floor. A person takes a pillow and throws it. A person then opens and closes the door. A person grabs clothing from the closet.
VHD24 A person is sitting down derssing themselves then taking some medicine from a bottle.
4TX4N A person is sitting on a chair, wrapped in a blanket, and eating a sandwich while also holding a phone. Another person is lying on a pillow on a couch, and sits up.
YQT32 A person takes a picture of something  then makes tidy a desk by moving a glass and something. After one more picture, the person walks out.
U5T4M A person opens the refrigerator and rearranges a jug of milk. The person then takes a sandwich from the refrigerator, closes the refrigerator door, walks to the chair, and sits down.
8SXHK A person is sitting on a bed while working on a laptop. The person puts the laptop down then begins to drink.
ZNQVC A person puts some clothes into a closet a closet and close the door, they then go and sit on a bed and take off shoes.
J59UP A person is sitting down on a couch then starts vacuuming the room.
3MV13 A person is standing a kitchen holding a book. The person begins looking at the book and the places it under their arm. The person the walks through a doorway.
68OG0 This person picks up a towel from the floor, sneezes in it, then take a drink of coffee.
OK45U A person walks into a storage room and looks around before taking off his jacket and throwing it aside.
NL9AW The person opens the refrigerator, removes some food, and closes the refrigerator before leaving.
B1AMA A person picks up a pillow and blanket. The person takes them to a couch. The person puts on shorts.
Y665P A person cleans up a shelf and takes a book. The person sits down on a sofa and reads the book.
VQOI3 A person is sitting on the stairs, opening a bag and holding it upside down. The person is then picking up a laptop and holds the bag to place the laptop inside.
15PMU A person is undressing while looking out the window. The person folds the clothes then starts drinking coffee.
YMD74 A person gets out of bed, puts on a shirt, and looks into the mirror.
6ZWSU someone walking and sitting books down and then taking off shows
N0ODO A person is sitting down on a toilet and another person opens the door and walks in with a bottle of medicine then walks out.
WBJC3 A person drinks from a glass while standing.
D6MZ4 A person is sitting on the sofa, drinking a drink from a cup, and watching television. The person places the cup on a side table.
RX7TC A person is sitting down eating a banana then taking a look at a camera before getting up and walking away.
BQOLV The person is changing shoes and a coat.
KT2SV A person is lying on a bed and watching television.
LLT3E Someone is bracing themselves on a sofa as they sneeze in the living room. They walk off into and open door.
43CCM A person opens the front door and walks in taking his jacket off and puts it over his shoulder
OPPVW A person is vacuuming the floor near the entrance to the stairs.  As he moves further away from the stairs he touches his hair and smiles.
YOCI8 A person is sitting at a table and  holding a towel while looking at food or bananas.
GHJ3Q A person is sitting on a bed, snuggling a pillow. The person stands up with the pillow, then turns to set it back down on the bed. The person walks over to a dresser and tidies up the top.
MFGLZ A person is sleeping in a chair.  They then pick up  a remote from a table, use it, and pick up and put down a bag.  They then leave the room.
WVG97 A person sitting on a sofa picks up a sweatshirt and puts it on. The person then puts on some shoes.
U502L Person sitting on toilet with phone in hand, stands up and grabs towel.
PRTAJ A person is opening a wardrobe, and took out a coat. The person is holding a pair of shoes.
DWH0T A person is laying on a couch, reviewing images on a camera, then gets up and gets a drink of water.
YZ8HK A person is laying on the bed looking at a laptop, then sets it down on the floor.
LT6K4 Person looking into the closet with a cup in hand getting something from the top shelf of the closet.
Q85TS A person is holding a light searching for something in the closet.
74WSB A person is making some food, while looking at a camera. A person then tastes the food they are cooking
T9N9R A person is talking on a phone and smiling while looking in a mirror and fixing a door.
QD1U7 A person walks in carrying a sandwich in their hand and sits in a chair at a table.  They put the sandwich on a dish.  Next, they pick up a glass of water and drink, then put it back on the table.
AK2KG A person is sitting on a bed, stands up and walks to a window and opens it.
SJ4QF A person is washing something in a sink and occasionally looking at an open laptop. The person then walks out of the room.
QZZPS A person is sitting on a couch playing with their phone.  The person then lays down on the couch and takes some medicine.
T9EHP A person is sitting on a chair holding a pillow next to a stairwell.
ATIAW A person is sitting a desk in the dark working on a laptop, they grab and work on a phone. They then stand and turn on the light.
ZI1GC A person is at the table doing home work they go to the pantry  and tidy up the pantry they pick up a book and put it back then they go back to the table.
O0349 A person is standing in front of the stove cooking food. After stirring, the person walks over and takes something out of the pantry, and puts it on the counter. Afterwards, the person vacuums the floor.
WSKTN A person is opening a cabinet and getting groceries.
9BQ7M The person is sitting in a chair at the table. The person then grabs a bottle of medicine and screws on the cap to the bottle, smiling.
VWFJA A person opens the door of a refrigerator while on the phone.  They look inside at the groceries then close the door again.
H43VE A person is constructing a staircase. While taking a break, the person cleans themselves of sweat with the towel before throwing it on the floor.
K64GM A person is standing on the stairs messing with a camera they go to the window and then they look out the window then they throw a ball
0TKKR A person is sitting on a couch watching TV. They are eating. The person gets up to get a drink of water.
Q3BCC A person working on a door knob ,the person opens the door and than closes the door carry a pair of pier to work on the door.
IDXZK A person is laying on the floor eating something off of a plate. They get up and pick up the plate and walk off.
MZ3X9 This person is opening a door, picks up a broom, then walks out of the room.
D0AGO A person is opening a door and eventually gets a coke bottle from the fridge and pours it into a glass.
G6ZOB A person enters the house with a book. The individual then goes to a shelf and starts looking for something.
ZYJJF A person puts some folded clothes on a table. The person stands next to them and drinks out of a red cup.
K9RH2 A person folds towels and sets them on a table.
G2QBV A person closes a door while carrying a broom.  The person then tosses the broom and grabs a bottle of water.  The person then consumes the water while looking into a mirror.
YQOCU A person walks into a room, opens a cabinet and takes some food out, closes the cabinet, and then sits in a chair.
DPB7X A person is sitting down  eating a bag of chips and playing with an object in front of a window.
RMKOC A person is holding a towel.
CBZEP A person is sitting on the floor fixing a toy car.
14XKK A person is throwing clothes and a bag  down the stairs.
GL7E6 {}
KB7WQ A person is rummaging through a cardboard box, taking some stuff out and putting it into a bag. The person then stands up and sneezes twice.
OGZYC The person is cleaning a room
JMCBE A guy threw a blanket over a railing then picked up a broom and went down the steps to where he threw the blanket. When he was just about go the bottom step he was passing the blanket and he bent over and pushed it aside.
Y3AQ4 There is a person sitting on a chair and another person standing.  The person that is standing picks up a pillow and hugs it.
IPRMO A person is lying down with a pillow on the stairs. The person smiles at her dog, then reaches up and grabs a doorknob.
0KZYF A person walks out of a room and then opens the door to a closet. The person eats a sandwich while standing in the closet.
W97NR A person lays down on the couch, wakes up yawning, then takes a drink of water.
XK0QV A person is drinking from a cup and sits down in a chair in front of a TV.
03PRW A person is lying on the couch under a blanket while eating and watching tv. Then they put their shoes on and walk away.
W7EDM Sits down on bed, takes off shows and eats soem toast.
J0AMJ A person  takes a phone and book out of a bag on a bed then begins lying down on a blanket on the bed.
N2WXN A person is laying in bed, they then awaken and  pick up a towel from to floor to clean their face.
HIKIC A person is holding a box, while holding a phone.
AQQQ5 The person is sitting on a chair, typing in a laptop and laughing.
4FQJY A person is sitting on a bed while another person stands near the bed.
QFL2O A person is fiddling with a desk fan. The person then picks up his phone, looks at it, and smiles.
OVFR0 A person is holding a book. The close and sit it on a dresser while smiling. They look in the mirror, and then leave.
G852Y One person is sitting on the stairs sneezing while the other person is sweeping the stairs.
FLBS9 A person sits on a chair, looks into a bag and then picks up a towel from the chair.
GZZVT A person is laying down on the floor while another person is holding a pillow and walking.
ULD0T A person, carrying a bag, walks through a door and down some stairs. The person retrieves a envelope and returns.
7R0LB person holding a box sneezing opens cupboard put box in closes door folds a blanket
T2S3Z A person drinks water out of their hands from the bathroom sink.
4WWYI A person takes a shirt out of a closet and puts it on.
SSPMK A person is sitting on a bed in a bedroom wrapped in a blanket drinking out of a cup.
X37P1 A person is standing on stairs. He then walks down the stairs, drinks some water, pours it into a plan, picks up a shirt and walks away.
KWZSA A person is eating food off of a plate at a table. The person stands up, cleans the area, and takes the plate and cup out of the room.
ONVGA A person is standing eating a sandwich off a plate when another person with food on a plate walks by.
EF7Q9 A person walks into a bathroom and washes their hands.  That same person knocks a glass in the sink.  That person picks up the glass and places it in a window sill.
KYLJY A person is seen sitting down taking off their sandals and putting on some sneakers.
OK6BF This person is using a broom to clean the bathroom. then opens the window.
2USX0 Man sitting on couch drinking a beverage and then sneezing.
J3RP9 A person walks through a doorway to get a book. They walk back through the doorway to sit the paper down somewhere. The person walks in and out of the room several times afterwards
NHH8N A person sits down on a sofa with a picture and looks at it.
GS3M4 A person fixes their desk while in front of a mirror.
P8G8V A person is standing in kitchen looking at phone, then takes a drink from a glass of coffee.
NF45F A person enters through the doorway and turns on a light. Afterwards, the person takes off their jacket and puts it on the bed before looking at the mirror.
17LNN A person is walking around the room then tidying up some pillows, then they take dishes from the wardrobe.
27DCQ A person is lying on a bed, gets up and grabs a broom.
1VRH1 A person is laying down in bed reading a book they then throw the book on the floor and turn off a light.
OTUV7 Person is sitting on their chair eating some chips, then takes a glance at their phone before standing up and removing their shoes.
0F7LW A person opens a closet and picks up a pink toy laptop off of the shelf. They close the closet, turn off the light, and exit the room.
G8NEV a person sits on a couch, opens a book and covers up in a blanket
Y3M3W In the living room, lying on the floor on a pillow, reading a book.
O76GM A person opens a cabinet and looks inside. They grab a box off of a shelf on the cabinet and look at it. Then they set it on the kitchen counter.
FB3ZG A person is taking a coffee cup from a table  and walking out of a room.
QLFR5 A person sits in a chair covered in a blanket reading a book. The person then gets up and walks out.
4DSYI Person sitting on bed looking at a camera while another person sitting in a chair fluffs a pillow.
RVVDR A person picks up a grocery bag, pulls out two items, puts the items back in the bag, and sets the bag on a table. Then the person sits down in a chair, covers up with a blanket, and begins to go to sleep.
JS3TB A person walks in a garage holding and eating a sandwich on a dish.
7SNIO person came running from somewhere, push the bucket to a side. Sat on the floor, opened book and started reading
P4SB9 A person is sweeping their kitchen with a broom, they then take a piece of food from a pan on the stove and begin eating it.
TQYV1 A person walks into a room while holding a pillow and sneezing hard. They are also holding what appears to be a book.
07TCM Person looks at laptop, puts on shoes, puts on coat, sneezes twice
7RDSV A person is standing on a bed drinking from a cup watching television.
TTVN5 A person is playing on a phone. The person then sits on a bed and is watching a television while laughing.
HI4NV Person walks in with a handful of items and places them on the table and just sits there.
JZULS A person is sitting on a chair next to the stairs and looking around the room, they then grab a cup and leave.
TEV5K A person stands in the kitchen and opens a window. The person is holding a broom while drinking from a glass.
PZ0ND This person is removing a shirt and throwing it into a box, then he puts on another shirt.
UG4M2 A person is sitting working on homework. A second person walks in holding a cup and opens a cabinet, the person then closes it.
KMZDA a person is smiling and eating a plate of food, they then set the food on a table
JTBXI A person is moving a chair. A person then picks up a bag, and starts fixing up the bed.
VU996 A person opens a door, walks into a closet, folds a piece of clothing, leaves the room and closes the door behind them.
MOTWW a person sits on the counter eating a sandwich and walks out doorway
2B577 A person is cooking food in pot on the stove. The person dips a spoon into the food and tastes it. The person then moves the pot to a table and steps back from it.
2XVWK A person is putting stuff in a basket and throwing groceries through a doorway
MHAGN A person grabs a book before putting it down and running outside.
83FK5 A person is holding laundry, rotating back and forth. He then walks a few steps, picks up some pans off the floor, and walks away.
1HZGH A person wakes up and puts on their shoes.
MJPAH A person sitting in a chair drinking from a glass.The person reaches and grabs a bag off a shelf in a closet .
S2S7I A person is carrying a bag of groceries and puts it on the table and then leaves.
W65SM Person A is sitting on the floor holding dishes while Person B is eating a sandwich from a plate.
ZR19K A person is standing and folding a blanket on a sofa. The person is tidying up the sofa and the coffee table. The person then walks out of the room
5A9O4 Person talking on a phone, put on a wardrobe and then pick up a brush and brush hair.
ARWNX A person picks up and then puts a box back on the floor. They pick up, and hold a sandwich before leaving.
5R8BL a person opens the bathroom door, picks up and tosses a pillow out the door then unzips the hoodie while looking in the mirror on the door.
CTIYN A person is sitting in a chair with a blanket on. The person shifts in the chair and then sneezes into the blanket.
B4ED1 A person pours coffee into a cup and sits down at a desk. The person pulls out homework out a drawer and looks over it.
ZB5J4 A person is sitting in a chair sleeping with a blanket on top of them. They wake up and throw the blanket on the chair, walk over to the fridge and open the door. They reach in to get a bottle out.
H0FI9 A person stands, smiling at a laptop screen.
LCLLN A person drinks a glass of water, then covers up in a blanket and watches tv while eating something.
VP4OG Some person is reading while lying on a couch.  The person then pretends to sleep.
C0CMQ A person is holding a box of food while walking down the stairs. They open a door and leave through the doorway.
7LWW3 Person sits down at a desk and begins thumbing through paperwork.  Then grabs something off the desk and then some items off the couch and puts the stuff into a bag.
YYLKT A person wraps a blanket around themselves and then proceeds to take it off and place it on the floor. Afterwards the person takes a bite of the sandwich they had been holding in their hand.
JVH7Q A person is standing up playing on their phone by a piano. they also look out the window.
N93NK A person puts a book on a chair next to a purse.
SZKDA A person walks into the room and sits in a chair to watch television, and occasionally looks down at the phone in their hands.
WXBEO A person sits something in a pot on the stove. They pour water from a glass in and stir more. They open the refrigerator, get a canned beverage and drink.
DX845 A person walked in the bathroom, placing their laptop in the sink.  The person then interacted with the toilet.
WKME6 A person is sitting on the bed, holding a mirror and looking at themselves. Person 2 is standing in the doorway, watching Person 1 and drinking some coffee. Person 2 then leaves the room.
6E8GP A person looks for something in a box then opens the closet to look in their. They pick up a shirt from the floor and fold it up.
YONR1 Some people are standing together at the base of a stairway. One person is pacing back and forth while holding a phone, the other person is holding a book and sits down.
IGZZG There is a person laying on the floor in front of the television.  That person is working on homework and stops and changes the channel with the remote control.
358JF A person sits at a table in front of a laptop.  They eat some food from a dish and drink some water from a glass that are on the table next to the laptop.
QOYH2 A person but on a jacket, zipped up the jacket, drank from a coffee cup and looked toward a mirror.
BHXEI A person attempts to open medicine before getting up off the floor.
BQZ52 A person opens up a cabinet and takes out a shirt and puts it on. They button up the shirt while looking directly into the camera
8J5YF A person sits on a table with homework.
KKEX0 Person tidies up towel and set towel on chair.  Person takes medicine.
DOYQE A person is cooking something on a stove. The person then picks up a coffee mug, turns around a picks up a photo, and sips the coffee while examining the photo.
2ZDFA A person is cooking on the stove while they have a towel wrapped around their neck they taste the food and walk out.
3J9L5 A person takes a bag, then throws it against the wall. A dog then goes over to it and sniffs it.
UKSCV a person puts on a shirt at a mirror while another person stand nearby eating
CPM4M a person goes in the fridge, pours milk in a bowl, puts the milk back, closes the fridge door then walks from the kitchen to the living room, sits on the couch then eats from the bowl
COBS0 A person is taking a blanket from the washing machine and smiling while walking all over the room.
EEVD3 person walks to fridge, grabs food, and starts eating it
FNBYE Person is sitting down in kitchen. Person eats sandwich and pours liquid into cup. Person stands up and opens box on table.
HEX2V A person is sitting watching TV and laughing. Then they get up and sweep the floor.
ZZ3HT The person dried their hand off with a towel and then threw the towel into a cabinet. After the person threw it in the cabinet, they just stood there,
LKNZD Someone enters a garage with clothes and drops them on the floor, then picks them back up, opens a wardrobe and puts them on a shelf, then picks up a hose and hangs it on the wall
3WMV4 a person stands and looks out a window while eating a sandwich
VXOE4 A person stands on a chair and grabs a laptop.
PEWH4 perons lays on stairs holding a sandwich
DCRI5 A person opens a closet door, puts something in, sneezes and closes the door.
UG8WG A person enters through a doorway carrying a dish and cup and trips over a pillow, falling onto the floor.
DJ87X A person walked into a bathroom and looked out the window. The person the washed the face and took a drink from the bathroom faucet. The person reached into a cabinet and pulled out a phone and looked at it.
LD9EC A person is playing on a phone, while another person cleans up the floor with a towel.
S5YJG A person is sweeping a room while another person drinks coffee.
BDJ84 A person is folding a towel and then putting it on a shelf.
5TM3H Person has grocery in hand peeling it while sitting on a sofa rocking by and forth on the sofa.
77HKW A person is opening a bottle of medicine and taking it in the doorway.
WDF45 A person is looking at a phone. A person puts the phone down and picks up a pillow.
IDXM0 Person in garage going through a box pulling out some shoes and a book before leaving with the book opened.
FKK5R A person is sitting in a chair drinking coffee while another person is asleep on a bed with a pillow. The sitting person gets up to turn on a light.
EK5K1 A person sits down while looking at their phone. The person then picks up a box and reaches inside it. The person pulls a lollipop out of the box and puts it in their mouth.
PXY5Q A person reaches under a desk, opens a drawer, pulls out a glass of something and takes a sip. The person then puts it down and looks at a picture on the wall above the desk.
0DVVD The person closes the window in the bathroom. Then the person vacuums the rug and picks up the vacuum to leave.
IUETR A person looking up opens a door and walks into a bedroom, looks around, and sneezes.
QMHK8 A person walks into the room, closes the door, then hangs a bag on the doorknob. They then remove their jacket, take their shoes off, and put the jacket in the bag. After putting the bag on a nearby shelf, they leave out the same door.
YW5QQ A person sits a t a desk and looks at a picture. The person gets up and picks up and blanket and then shuts the door.
OQ54Y A person opens a refrigerator door, removes a juice box and pours it into a glass. The person returns the juice to the refrigerator, picks up the glass and drinks from it as they walk over and turn off the camera.
9TM1K a person sits on a ledge and looks at things in a box then grabs a book
1BBIY A person walks into a closet and closes the door. They look through some clothes, take a picture and leave
FTYFA Person walks into a room from outside, turns on a light, walks over to a table and starts drinking from a glass. The person sits down and drinks more out of the glass.
SX248 a person is washing their hands, wiping the sink, and throwing the towel in the sink after coming through the doorway
9J0RB A person is standing, looking at a TV, they then proceed to take a drink of water then tidy up the room
95GB4 A person looks at a phone, takes a picture, then washes hands.
136V6 This person comes inside the doorway, then kicks of their shoes, lays down and starts reading, then gets up and starts sweeping.
27ZT9 per lauging on phone picking up  a hose puts in a shelf
3588V two people go up the stairs, one holding a chair  and one holding a bag of something.
VEH0A A person lays on the floor and opens a cabinet. They take a mug and drink it
YFJ9U Walking down the stairs and putting shoes on, picking up a box with a pillow in it and opening the door and leaving.
LLQBB A person walks in a room with a bag and throws bag on the floor. Then takes off shoes and starts laughing after shoes are off.
0OP1K A person is holding a glass near a doorway. The person drinks from the glass. The person walks over to a mirror and looks at themselves.
VINM0 A person stands holding shoes before putting them on the  floor and grasping a broom. The person next looks out a window, laughing, then sweeps the floor with the broom.
SOZ1G A person is laying in bed while drinking from a glass.
DV6CH A person opens a closet and picks clothes up off the floor and puts the clothes on a shelf.
FTNCO A person standing in an entryway and doing something on their phone throws some clothes at another person near them.
0LDN3 Someone runs into the kitchen with their phone in their hand and opens the refrigerator to grab a sandwich and then they run back out.
D01MJ The person  sitting on the chair is sleeping,woke up stretched hands got up walked away.
HZSDD a person is standing in a door way talking on a cell phone the hang up the phone and grab a broom and walk away.
ICQZX Person stooping down, opens closet, takes shoes out closet, stands up, reach for book on shelf, opens book, reads it.
SZVCR A person walks down the stairs, sets something on a table and looks into a mirror and fixes their hair.
XE19C A person walks into the bathroom and sits a cup on the counter.  That person then looks in the mirror and straightens hair.  Then that same person picks up the glass and puts in the sink, walks out and closes the door.
XK92L A person tidys up a counter and then opens a drawer.
XOOPP A person carries a chair and picture into the hallway.   They stand on the chair and hang the picture on the wall.
X95D0 A person is laying down on a sofa then sits and drinks a glass of water that was in the table in front of them.
3U6HO A person is drinking coffee while sitting in a chair. Another person is looking at a shelf.
OKXIQ A person looks for some food in the cupboard.
D1XNV A person is smiling while washing dishes and looking at a picture.
Y75AX A person is sitting on stairs with a book in the lap. They move the blinds to the side and look out a window.
N6FZ7 A man runs into the room. He picks up a jacket, puts it down, then he gets a vacuum cleaner out.
H7UYR A person is drinking a soda while flipping pancakes in a pan on the stove.
0O6RK A person opens the refrigerator and fixes the light. They close the refrigerator and continue cooking at the stove.
AHBE8 Person walks in room, picks up shoes, looks around, places shoes in box and puts box on table, person laughs.
J5K87 Person sitting on the sofa talking on the phone drink out of a glass while writing something in a book.
72M7T A person is holding a phone and a camera and is looking at them in their hands. Someone runs in and starts taking off their sweater.
V53GK A person is running in place while on the phone, then takes a bag off a shelf then opens and walks through a door.
AIJ0M A person drinks than puts a towel in a room and holds a vacuum.
ZPRJH A person is laughing while sitting on the floor by a door then gets up and picks a book up off of a shelf and starts looking through it then throws it back and walks through the doorway to another room.
UUF84 This person sets down a box, grabs some food form it, then gets a drink of water and takes off their shoes.
GCI2J A person is taking a picture with a camera, then puts down the camera, grasps shoes, sits, and puts on the shoes.
GIIF8 A person tidies up a counter, walks over to a mirror through a doorway, and takes off a jacket. Afterwards, the person puts the jacket on the counter.
AV58B A person sitting down in a chair is drinking from a cup of coffee and looking around.
OQ9W3 A person sits on a chair at a desk doing their homework while they drink coffee from a mug.  They close a drawer in a cabinet behind them.
YQ2M5 A person is standing in a stairway. They then walk down the stairs and lay across them while looking at their phone.
PN1F2 A person is walking down the hallway while holding a pillow under their arm and drinking from a cup.
O5V8D A person is standing on some stairs and turning a light on and off while taking pictures.
HXR3Z A person is sitting at a desk working on a laptop. They continue to type on the laptop.
BJ3ZF A person sits on a couch, closes a book and fluffs up a pillow.
AK9PN A person is vacuuming the floor, and after putting away the vacuum picks up a chair from the sofa. They sneeze, sit on the sofa, and drink from the glass.
I7GZI A person walks into a living room and over to a chair. The person picks up some food that was on the chair and walks out of the room.
5IPJA A person is typing on a laptop. They put the pillow they are resting on on their head. Then they go back to typing.
T1JWU A person is sitting on the stairs drinking out of a glass. A second person walks down the staircase carrying a bag.
FXGQI A person sits in a chair with a towel on their lap. The person is holding and looking into a mirror as they sneeze.
P0CET A person takes a coat out of a closet and puts it on.  A second person walks to the closet and looks through it.
9HTYB A person is laughing while snuggling with a blanket, and holding a vacuum cleaner.
UQJ5W a person walks into the bathroom while eating, opens a window and takes a picture
1XOQ8 A person is taking shoes out of their closet and the person finds a handheld vacuum.
0N4KN A person is sitting at a table eating a sandwich. And then they sneeze just before the light goes off.
29OV5 A person is holding a pill bottle in one hand and a bag in the other. The person shakes the bag a bit and then looks at the bottle. While looking at the bottle, the person is laughing.
JSIRZ A person is preparing some food in the kitchen at the stove while talking on the phone. The person keeps taste testing the food.
3UXL9 A person is using a vacuum to sweep their tile floor.
ZTWJB The person is sweeping the kitchen with a broom. The person throws the broom on the floor and walks to the sofa. The person snuggles with a blanket.
F66WG A person stands in front of the mirror, a camera hanging from his wrist. The person then walks into the bathroom, puts shoes on the floor, and stands in the doorway to eat a sandwich.
9YWJ6 Two people are walking through a doorway. Two people are standing in a hallway. One person is eating a sandwich
PLXUA A person is standing and holding a mug. They look into a mirror and sneeze two times. They point at their face in the mirror.
P12LH A person sharing a couch with another person is looking at a camera while the other person tries to sleep.
2443O A person walks through a doorway into a hall and picks up a bag. They walk a few steps, put the bag down and answer their phone.
NHYRG A person walks into the closet and gets out a hat and then leaves the room.
R5WMI A person is fiddling with a camera while another person walks by rubbing a towel on their hair, sneezing, and holding a book.
UETQS A person sits down, opens a laptop, gets up, goes over to the sink and fills up a pot of water, which he then puts on a stove, turns on the stove, and puts an egg in the pot.
AF5BS A person sits down, looks at the phone, then the television, puts down the phone, then leaves the room.
OEM65 A person sneezes and then holds onto a picture while rocking back and forth.
XQVXF Person opens a small door and then the main door of a refrigerator and removes a glass and drinks from it. Another person is cleaning the counter with a towel in the background.
BEAAA A person eats a food and takes off their jacket in a chair. The person then puts the jacket back on and eats some more
8WZJW A person on bed plays with a laptop while another person tidys a desk with books on it.
DACFC A person consumes some food then puts it on the table.  The person then begins vacuuming while eating.
N0ZPI Person is standing in the doorway drinking coffee before grabbing a towel from the closet and tossing it out the door.
TCJCJ A person is standing and looking through a book. The person closes the book and throws it onto a sofa. Then the person walks over and looks at their reflection in a mirror.
IONV9 A person is standing out outside drinking from a glass.  That same person then picks up a box and moves it into the garage and then goes into the house.
G3UF4 A person is standing drinking a cup of coffee while reading a book.
MVX03 A person turns on the camera then walks to a door and begins fixing a doorknob. The person removes their shoes, chews gum, and returns to fixing the doorknob. The person then hurries back to turn off the camera.
Z5URX A person is making a sandwich at a table. Another person comes and sits at the table with the other person. The person opens a book, reads it, then gets up and walks away.
OZ02A A person turns on the light, enters the room and looks out of the window. They sit down in a chair at a table.  Another person enters the room, and they play a quick game.  The person sitting and the other person both leave the room.
LQ0FJ A person has a blanket over them smiling in a mirror before undressing.
77JGY a person sits at a desk and eats while looking at laptop then takes a picture
QRSRE A person grabs water off the desk and drinks it. They open and close the closet door.
TH3M0 Someone walks in through a door and talks to a cabinet and grabs a broom. They sit down with the broom and then they get back up and put it away.
SM8Y0 A person is taking a picture of a small figurine that is on a coffee table.
SNG4T Two people are sitting and staring into the distance. One of them is staring at the other person.
EIT66 There is a person on their phone. That same person takes a blanket and puts it into a box.
NKE77 A person is standing in a bedroom. A person drinks from a glass and puts it down
LQD66 A person is standing at the kitchen sink and  washing dishes. They appear to sneeze at the end of the video.
8S941 A person pours a drink while another sits on the floor.
UMO9T A person is sitting in a doorway, wrapped up in a towel. The person is rocking back and forth, and wrapping the towel tightly around themselves.
8LVCL A person is taking off a jaccket and putting it away they then pick up a box put it in the closet and walk awat.
98W87 A person places eats some food off a plate that is sitting on a stove.
5D85P This person appears to be in a bedroom, sitting in chair, on laptop and then picks up phone and checks it.
ODM20 A person is sitting at a table that is by a glass window drinking coffee.
6PESI A person is sitting on a bed with a fuzzy blanket playing a video game on a cell phone.
A33VQ A person wearing a sweater and some pijama pants walked in the dining room to open the refrigerator and look for some food.
OXCDM A person is standing holding a bag the another person walks by while holding an appliance in a box.
4PEL7 A person drinks water out of the bathroom faucet then goes and sits on the couch.
9YCQ3 A man is cleaning the toilet in his bathroom.  He moves a belt from a shelf and walks out of the room.  He stands in front of a cabinet.
NTA1U A person is sitting in a chair reading a book, while another person stands next to the person.
HQ8BB A person opens the door and enters a home.  The person closes the door and turns on the light, and then locks the door behind them.
AEP2A The person is looking at a prescription bottle and rolls it around to view the entire label.  The person looks up and starts to walk away.
O8T6G A person sitting in a chair open a lunch bag.The person starts laughing.The person proceeds to take food out of the lunch bag.
OOKN5 A person takes off a coat and puts it in a box.  They take the coat out and put it back on.
OTIA2 a person walks into a room, turns on a light, and takes some medicine then moves a chair
6FV5P A person wearing a pijama started by fixing a camera before starting to using a cellphone and holding a plastic bag.
83S5W Person walks in, closes door, sneezes, laughs and claps hands. Then person picks up food and glass of floor and walks away with it.
XYJYK A person is taking food out of a bag and placing it on the floor. Then they pick up a shawl and put it over their shoulders.
WM2J7 A person is cleaning a window. A person then cleans a cabinet, opens the cabinet, and closes it.
V1WN7 A person puts on a sweatshirt, moves some food to a desk, and then folds a blanket.
3R4DD A person is standing in front of a cabinet and picks up a shirt from off the ground. The person begins folding the shirt and then sits down in a chair.
DAA3F This person is waking up, puts on glasses, then is eating some food.
REWLB A person is fixing something. Another person sits on a bed eating something.
K247M A person is holding a laptop in one hand and grasping a doorknob in the other hand. The person is staring at the laptop.
KS5JT A person walks into a bathroom and turns the light on, then starts laughing, then walks over to the counter and moves some things around.
G71O7 person eating food out of a bag picks up a phone off a chair talks on phone
JDZV7 The person is washing and drying his hands. He then folds clothes and puts them in a drawer.
MMFQA a person is sitting on a couch holding a remote the put the remote down and pick up a book and read the book.
PRH15 A person is taking some groceries out from a bag and putting them on the shelf. The person smiles at the cans of food. The person brushes their hands clear.
OPSF8 A person sitting at a desk leans forward and eats something. Then the person takes a drink from a white mug and leans back again.
GZF5F A person is standing at a table with their hand on a chair. The person picks up a glass and drinks water from it, then the person pours more water into the glass and drinks again.
J3LY1 A person is tidying the wall. A second person comes inside and takes a picture.
TQO6O A person is eating something while sitting on a couch. The person then begins doing homework.
R971Z A person opens a closet door and sorts through some clothes, then they take a pair of shoes from the closet, sit down and put the shoes on, then take a mirror and look into it and fix their hair, then walk away.
2BO2G A person straightens up things on a table. The person moves a box and then a picture to another table. Then the person sneezes.
F19VE A person takes food out of a bag and then puts it away in a cabinet.
17P5V A person is sitting in a chair at their desk and using their computer. Another person holding a laptop walks into the room, closes the laptop and sets it on the sofa. They take some dishes from the sofa.
JOMFO A person is sitting in a laundry room and throws a blanket.
P4KFQ Person sitting down at desk to look at laptop while holding onto a broom.
7RXMM A person is sitting in a chair and holding shoes. The person stands up to look in mirror.
I3GIA Person A is vacuuming the floor while Person B is sitting down wrapped in a blanket.
WD12X A person closes a closet door with a broom, then looks in the mirror and fixes their hair.
BVN7J {}
USPJK A person in a closet takes clothes out of a bag and tosses them out. They then pick up a broom and start using it.
V2ZO4 One person is looking out a window and another person is sneezing on a phone.
OFFQ4 A person is lying on a couch under a blanket with a pillow. After a few seconds, the person sits up and picks up a bottle of medicine
TCJWE two people are in the kitchen. One person is sweeping while the other person looks like they are making something to eat.
6TC5G A person walks into a hallway, carrying some clothes and a pillow. The person hangs the clothes on doors, then tosses the pillow onto the floor. The person then turns out the light.
Q948H Person is sitting down on a bed and grabs a book then puts it back on the shelf from which is was grabbed.
BL7OF A person is standing in a doorway and they throw a pair of shoes, they then walk over to a window and begin to look out it.
PBEUF A person is pouring something from a small cup into a glass. The person then picks up their phone and looks at it.
T8VDU A person is sitting in a chair and watching television. They get a glass from the table and take a drink.
RXCQR A person is standing in a closet. The person takes a jacket off a hanger and puts it on. The person then looks at the clothes the person is wearing. The person sits down in the closet and pulls out homework out of a file folder.
9LTZT A person is in a kitchen and gets a glass of water which they seem to enjoy as they are rubbing their stomach/abdomen with their hand.
8O07M This person is walking up a flight of stairs, opens up closet door and is looking in the closet.
9POJB A person sits down on a couch, opens a bottle of medicine, then closes it. The person stands up.
3KDI5 A person sits and unties shoes. The person then works on their laptop
SN1VT A person is playing with their hair in the bathroom. The person then sneezes, and uses a towel to wipe their nose. The person then throws the towel on the floor, and proceeds to look in the mirror.
BVDB6 A person walks into a room and checks the shelf.
CQ435 A person is watching a television. The person starts running around the living room and stops to look at a laptop.
D9PWE A person is vacuuming the couch. Then they put the vacuum down, walk into the bathroom, and look in the mirror.
8TZSC Someone is sitting on a chair looking at themselves as they put on a jacket and comb their hair. Another person is standing in the doorway with a broom in their hand and smiling.
AEAE2 A person is cooking food on the stove.
PJUM0 A person opens the refrigerator and takes out a bottle of water. That same person then pours the water into a glass and drinks it
9M48H A person placed their cell phone on the kitchen counter and began to sneeze before heading to the sink.
VJVHM A person is in the kitchen. They turn on the light and put something on a shelf.
V2GC9 A person walks in and opens a door to put their groceries away.
Y0MCG A person is holding a pillow and places it on the couch. They lie down and place their head on the pillow and sleep.
JT1XT Person is talking on the phone while holding the doorknob and rocking back and forth. The other person is watching with hands on their face.
LSH63 A person is holding a bag then they fold it up and put it away then they walk out of the closet
0PVKV A person is sitting on a bed the pick up some medicine and a glass of water and take the medicine with the water then they pick up a sandwich and take a bite then they get up from the bed.
J6JNK A person is lying in bed. A person wakes up. A person then closes a door.
C6C7Q A person wakes up and turns a light on and off before going back to sleep.
M18XP person walks in a room closes door tides up a table
07QNG A person is sitting doing their homework, while watching television. A person then gets up and pours something to drink. The person then returns to doing homework.
9CCFC A person sitting in a chair at a desk reads a book, and starts laughing.
Q38XP A person is sat on a bench in front of a small laptop while eating a snack inside a bathroom.
5EIJ3 A person is laughing on a phone and grasping a doorknob.
1VIQC A person sitting at a desk reaches for a pen and plays with it. He then takes a drink of something and then reacts vigorously to that, coughing or sneezing in the commotion.
IV1S7 A person runs into the room, grabs a cup out of a cupboard and pours a drink into the cup on the table.
844D4 A person is walking down the stairs while carrying a laptop and a book. After the person gets to the bottom of the stairs they place the laptop on a chair.
YG9UR The person is sitting in a chair and they lean over to pick up a book. They then grab a soda and take a sip of it.
CSHTJ A person is holding a sandwich and then proceeds to take a bite of it while sitting down on a couch.
BW2OT A person is eating a sandwich and then smiles at a picture.
OB660 Person wakes up from nap at the table throws blanket to ground then gets up to go look out the window.
580G0 A person is lying in bed under a blanket before getting up and taking a sip from a glass. Afterwards, the person gets out of bed and puts on shoes.
BZ5N5 A person is getting two glasses from the pantry, and then fills the glasses with water.
2XXH8 A person is standing in a hallway and looking in a mirror. Then the person shifts their body around.
OWUW8 A person is holding a towel by a dresser and then they sneeze
PFKQ9 Person coming into the room and using a handheld vacuum on the rug to pick something up.
E7GV1 A person is sitting on their bed holding a camera.
3JCEI A person is working on a laptop, throws some items off of the table, and then stands up.
FOMJM The person walked across the room and bent over and sat a glass of something on a stand and then stood beside a door and then pulled a cell phone out of the back pocket of the pants the person was wearing and started to text on it.
XXS99 The person wakes up out of bed with a book, flips quickly through it then goes and looks at themselves in the mirror.
QJM3B Someone is sitting in the living room reading a book and then they stand up and stare straight into the camera.
3J85M A person is sitting in a chair looking a the television. A person opens a drawer and then starts eating a sandwich.
QY2ZD A person is playing on a laptop while sitting in a chair. They sneeze then keep playing on the laptop.
1B9DK A person is opening a door while holding groceries. Another person runs in the room and starts to fix their hair. The other person is watching as they fix their hair.
999BP Person is standing in dining room and opens bag. Person opens second bag, sways and then places the bag on the table. Then, person walks out.
O87OF A person walks into a room, puts their sweatshirt down on a table and begins putting a pillow into a bag. They carry the bag with the pillow and walk away.
76Z3W A person vacuums the floor then sneezes. The person then picks up some clothes.
ONMCW Person walks into room. Person starts sweeping the floor with a broom. Person picks up a glass and continues to sweep with the other hand.
8MQH6 A person opens a closet door, takes a pair of shoes from a shelf and laughs.
QKTUU Person is looking at her phone, pauses to take a drink of water. After taking a drink, person continues to play on the phone for a moment then walks away.
3OLX3 A person pours out some medicine and then takes a drink.
GH19N A person holding a book opens a door and enters the room. They set the book down on a table and pick up a jacket and put it on.
YO3KO A person folds a towel and places it on a table.  Then they grab a doorknob, look at their watch, open the door and leave.
UZOCD A person sits on a window sill. Another person vacuums the floor.
HRASP a person walks through a door,  turns on the light,  throws a pair of shoes by a cooler, then picks up a glass and drinks it's contents.
1QP1S A person is eating a sandwich while another person is lying on the bed. they are talking and the first person lays the sandwich down
9O0NP A person is standing in the kitchen holding a book. They throw the book down on the table and then pick up a towel and clean off the table. The pick up a glass and move it.
5CN21 A person walks in a garage holding a book and pillow, then stops and looks at the book.
SV6KF person cleaning the steps with the broom and then went to upstairs
KCRQU This person comes walking into the kitchen, walks over to stove to stir the pot, goes into the fridge to get ketchup etc and places them on the counter.
NTXXB A person stands at a window and looks outside.  They walk to a chair, sit down and use a camera that they grabbed from a table to take a picture of the view outside the window.
3I6XT A person sits in a chair while eating food and playing with a pillow.
5VUT9 A person is holding a broom, looks at a laptop, opens a cabinet and pours a cup of coffee
0UPBN Someone is putting on a button up shirt in their room. They lay down on their bed and someone comes in from the side with a box in their hands.
PPY0W A person is walking in the kitchen with a bag and disappears through a doorway.
JNK11 A person is walking in a garage holding a cup. They put the cup on a shelf and leave while playing on their phone.
K5NFS There is a person laying on the floor with a pillow under their head.  That person stands up and straighten their clothes.
RV5CK A person is in a closet holding clothes looks to be drinking something, turns off light.
FJM09 A person is pacing back and forth in a hallway, open book in one hand, drinking coffee with the other. Another person is leaning against the stairway.
YLEEO A person closes a door, then walks up the stairs while holding a sandwich.
ZC017 A person is sitting on the sofa watching television. The person then gets up and starts tidying a table. The person then takes a box off of the floor and takes an item out the box.
0TDOP A person walks into a dining room carrying an object. Then the person sits down at the table and begins to eat food.
EOUCM A person puts a box on top of a pillow. They then put the mirror in a box then close the box.
4VX01 The person is sitting on the bathroom floor. The person stands up and picks up a book. The person throws away an object. The person moves some items on the counter. The person leaves the room.
44PFW Person is walking around table eating food then sets bowl down, opens door and leaves.
I9CDV The man eats something and then throws it away, then takes pictures of himself in the mirror.
PTAZ9 A person is sitting on a chair at a table while doing homework on the table and eating a sandwich, then stands up and grabs a bag of food out of a cabinet.
93REJ A person is sitting in a chair in front of a desk drinking coffee and another person is washing clothes in a bucket.
KF08J Person walks over to the cupboard wearing a blanket sneezing and grabs some cough medicine.
XMI29 A person is eating from a bowl on the couch then another person walks in holding a tray full of food and sits next to Person A.
FO24A A person is lying down on a desk. The person awakens and then leaves.
I4ON2 a person holding a book and throwing it on a cabinet.
D7W4E A person opens a cabinet and puts something on a shelf. A person takes a picture of the shelf and sneezes.
B9FWR a person sitting on the couch fluffs a pillow, places their laptop on the pillow and proceeds to type on her laptop
X3UEQ A person is looking under a desk for something. They bend over and pick up a book from out of their book bag.
TZEIN There is a person walking through a garage with their phone and drinking a cup of coffee.
QMKZV A person walks into a room and takes their shirt off and throws it on a cabinet. Then they close a laptop that's on the floor and pick it up and they also pick up a plate off the floor.
TAQ25 Person walks into room, sits at desk, looks at laptop, closes laptop, looks at shelves above laptop.
ATCOR A person is sitting and snuggling a blanket.  The person drops the blanket and turns off a light.  The person picks the blanket back up.
GBD1Y person arranging the clothes in the wardrobe and closed the wardrobe. kept the sandwich on the floor near to wardrobe
9U82D A person on some stairs puts on a jacket, then pulls a cellphone from their pocket, and looks at it while they descend the stairs. They then pick up a glass and drink from it.
7V4NJ Person standing in entry way reading some homework, sneezes a couple of time before deciding to throw the homework at the door.
Z7KC1 A person is sitting at a table. They pick up a broom and then run to the front door.
RJZ3I There person is sweeping the floor back and forth while also laughing. In the end, the person runs out the room.
65UVU Person walking in a room with a book, puts it on a shelf and then takes a red box off the shelf.
BRBWJ Someone walks through a doorway and throws clothes on a shelf and then removes their jacket and puts on that same shelf.
YX3V0 This person is holding a book, sneezing, then starts reading the book.
4RT06 A person turns on the light in the kitchen and opens the refrigerator. They take out some items and place them on the counter and begin to make something.
W65FZ A person is sitting on a sofa sewing up a pillow.
5GP8M Person looking at object, grabbed phone and put i to ear. Then person opens closet, grabbed picture from it, smiled at it and walks awat
6B2FN A person is combing their hair and looking in a mirror, then the person picks up a broom and walks away carrying it.
U0P7W A person walking towards a cabinet, placing a picture inside of it.
HSEH1 A person is standing in the doorway watching another person fix a light on the ceiling.
6KGZA A person is putting a sweater on a counter then putting it on, they then take a book and walk away.
RKOOJ A person is looking at himself in a mirror and then they grab a blanket and place it behind them. Afterwards they scratch their armpit to get up and turn off the camera
LRJKT A person is standing in a closet and drinking a beverage. A person is holding a book, turns off a light, while drinking a beverage.
G2JR9 A person is fixing a light and then picks up a sandwich.
LGPWK A person is laying on the couch watching TV. They flap the remote then get up and walk over to the TV and set the remote down.
LZ2Y4 A person is sitting on a sofa drinking  beverage. The person then runs to the kitchen, and then to the mirror.
IOGR7 A girl is laying down in the kitchen looking into a cabinet and she stands up and pets her cat as she walks to the living room
I5OPP A person leaning on a washing machine while eating food and on a phone.
LQC89 A person is sitting on the floor and takes something out of a shoe. The person drinks from a mug and then eats a sandwich.
UO4X0 A person on stairs juggles shoes, then after dropping them tries to pull apart a pillow with their teeth.
PC7H2 A person sits down on a chair. They stand back up and sit on a sofa.
8RU1Q A person opens a door and enters a room. They bend over and fidget with a pair of shoes, which they then pick up and walk back through the door with.
BI6Y4 A person is drinking from a glass while cooking something in a pot on the stove. They go and sit at a table.
SROEU Person get up from a chair put a box down with a phone in hand open the cabinet then talk into the phone
QIT2W A person is sitting on a couch typing on a laptop.  They pick up a bowl and eat something, then put the laptop down. The person then puts the laptop down, puts a pillow on their lap and picks up a book and pen.  Then they open the book and write.
RKJFZ A person is sitting in a chair holding a camera, while watching television.
CVDZM A person is snuggling with a blanket. A person then throws a book on the bed.
ARKBT A person opens a dryer door while sitting on a shelf. The person is taking clothes out of a dryer. The person throws the clothes on a shelf, then closes the dryer.
1CYLM A person is drinking coffee and then stands up.
3VWSP A person is laying down on the floor. The person grabs a phone from their pocket and looks at it. The person then pushes buttons on the phone and speaks into it. The person jumps up off of the floor and begins walking.
H46LQ A person is holding a pillow while they sit in a chair and eat food out of a bowl. Then they kick off their shoes and leave the room.
83JOK A person is cooking on a stove they are mixing the food in the pot they go to the cabinet and take out a spice they put the spice in the pot.
RIZ7Y a person is sitting on a bed while looking at a mobile phone, another person runs into the room, opens a cabinet, closes it, and then runs back out of the room.
H411A A person is playing with a pillow and then puts it into a box and tapes the box shut.
NACLT A person is holding shoes and putting them under the table.
4BEZX Person opens the door and takes a picture of some dogs with his phone and then shuts the door and cleans it.
8XXNK a person changes the channel on a tv with a remote while sitting on a couch.  The person then opens the box and eats something from the  box.
JZ45I A person is standing next to a bed holding a book. The person sits on the bed looking through the book. The person sneezes and the places the book inside a box.
39E0I A person is running around a dining room table with a blanket billowing behind them, then drops to all fours and hides beneath the blanket.  A second person enters the room to vacuum, and the first person peeks out of the blanket momentarily.
W0YVE The person runs to the door, puts a sandwich down on the table and then closes the window
AYSTI A person is lying in bed. Then the person takes off her robe and socks and yawns.
E8JEJ A person is adjusting the mechanisms of a door lock. The person gets upset throwing the tools on the carpet.
XKU2U A person washes a mirror  then picks up a bag and throws it on a table.
3AVAH {}
STGCD a man sitting at a desk using a calculator and pen and begins sweeping.
FPJ9D {}
5WS7U A person is walking down stairs. The person sits down on the stairs and picks up some shoes to put them on. The person sneezes, then picks up a handheld mirror and laughs into it.
YPRUL A person is looking at a mirror and sneezes and then closes a door before drinking water from a glass.
9YOI8 A person walks into a laundry room with a cup of coffee, opens a window and drinks some coffee while looking out the window. Next they close the window and walk out.
NS0ZN A person is looking at homework, while cooking something on the stove.
CD9GP A person sits on a bed getting dressed in some clothes.  They stand up, walk to a desk and throw a phone on it.
HOYUT Person trying to open a door, picks up a towel to clean face, then back to open and close the door, and finally picks up the towel again and cleans self.
RY8GH A person is putting an article of clothing in a closet. A person then takes a pillow out of the dryer and snuggles it.
VD58Y A person is playing with a laptop and then sneezes and gets off of the bed.
4G3ZF A person sways back and forth beside a table, eating food from their hand.  They drink some coffee from a cup that was on the table.
LPKPO A person is sitting in a chair at a table while watching something on their phone that they're holding in their hand. Afterward they get up and pick up a plate off the table and walk into another room while carrying the phone and the plate.
W4WQ0 A person is eating a snack, while they are playing on the phone.
FAO7J A person is in the closet laughing while watching something on a laptop. The person closes the laptop, turns off the light, and leaves the closet closing the door.
29V7T a person holding a couple of glasses and grabbing a broom
TUD6M A person opens a door, turns on a light and throws a blanket on the floor.
QZ1BS a man laying on the floor, gets up and grabs a blanket.
NBKCK A person walks through a door and grabs something off a shelf.
GY6NH Person walks down stairs holding a glass and a sandwich. They drink from the glass.
D55ES Person A is standing by a door way undressing while Person B is standing next to a window.
V26U3 A person holding a pillow walks towards a refrigerator and throws the pillow at it. They then sit down at a chair and cross their arms before standing up again and walking away.
GG3K5 A person is lying on a bed, waving their arms and moving all around. The person then sits up, turn on the television, pumps their legs, and lays back on the bed.
NG1Q8 Person puts clothes hangers away while another person holds  blanket and pillow.
RJNAB A man drinking a white fluid sits at a desk and opens a box. The person then fondles the items inside the box.
KIJG4 A person is putting on shoes in front of a mirror.
ACQAV A person walks out of the room then returns and smiles at the camera holding a cup of coffee. The whole time another person us folding blankets on a sofa. The first person walks to camera and turns it off.
0SFYS A person wearing pjs walks to an area and squats and vacuums uncarpeted floor with hand vacuum then stands and walk.
X07QW This person is undressing, then opens a drawer and puts on a blanket.
NP0YG A person is watching television with a towel on the the head and another person throws homework on the floor.
FDDDG Person is making food on a stove then looks at phone and opens the refrigerator.
LV056 A person walks across a room carrying a box.
30K2N The person turns on the light and grabs a tool from the table and walks out.
YGXX6 A person is standing in a bathroom at the sink, grabs a paper towel, and turns on the faucet.
WM6RQ A person takes some food from a fridge and places it on the shelf.
7TA23 A person walks through a doorway and takes off their jacket. The person throws his jacket on the floor, takes a camera from the table, and walks to the sofa. There is a pair of shoes on the sofa, which the person takes a picture of.
O1S9I A person is cleaning a stove top with a rag. A person walk out of the kitchen. A person folds a blanket.
N42Q1 A person using their phone opens a medicine bottle. They then take a picture of the bottle.
SB8G0 A person is sitting in a chair smiling, while another person is getting a dish from the cabinet.
0HV07 Person walks into room carrying laundry then drops some on the ground and starts picking up and tossing other clothes
C1TSW A person is sitting on the floor and puts together a vacuum.
F5UVQ A person in a kitchen washing dishes and placing them in a dish rack, then the person rinses their hands off and turns out the lights.
NFA8R the person is folding clothes while tapping feet on floor.
C6V75 Person walks down hall, puts on shoes, coat, scarf, opens door and goes out.
PGPSJ A person is sitting on a chair sorting through mail in a box. The person finds the letter they want and walk away.
BMONO A person is talking to their lap top, then they pick up a book to read  for a bit then put that back down.
J4QHT Someone walks up to a closet and opens the doors. They grab a camera and start playing with it.
2ZICJ {}
41T8C A person is standing in the entryway hlding a laptop and sneezing, they then proceed to put the laptop on a shelf.
337O2 A person sets something down on the table then takes off their jacket and throws it down on the floor, then goes and leans against the counter.
KK7D4 the person opened the door, took the clothes and adjusted it and kept inside, finally taken one cloth and went out
MZZK2 A person standing in a room lays a magazine down on a stand. The person proceeds to take their shirt off and lay down on the floor .
N4S25 A person cleans a phone with a cloth and puts it on a chair, then looks at their clothes.
H0P5D A person is sitting on top of a closed laptop which is on top of a round table.  They are joined by another person.
QCVZN A person walks to a bookcase and pulls a book from its shelf. The person walks back to their couch and sits down to read it.
KB916 A person is standing by the sink and holding a towel while looking out the window. They put the towel down on the counter and grab a glass of water and pour it down the drain.
8MS3V A person is standing in the kitchen holding a sandwich in front of the refrigerator while hugging a pillow.
U4J2Q The person is eating a carrot while standing in front of the countertop, then moves the plate to the sink and looks out the window.
N0G70 A person is cooking a sandwich. They sneeze. The person is looking at their phone while standing in a kitchen. They then look out the window before leaving.
0HGNK A person sits down on a chair in front of a table, and uses their laptop. Another person hurries through the room and leaves a box on the table. The first person gets up from the table and walks away.
4U8WV A person is standing in the living room with a towel. They threw the towel on the couch and walked out of the room.
UR5TU A person opens a closet door that has a mobile hanging on it. In the person's hand is a pink piece of cloth. Inside the closet are shelves of bottles and boxes. After looking around for a little while, the person closes the closet door.
NB0IB A person is opening a pantry door to look for something, they then clean their clothes that they are wearing and leave.
TA8G7 A person sat on a flight of stairs, looking at his phone, while another person ran a vacuum cleaner hose over the lower steps.
X7QXE A person looks through some papers then drops them on the ground and grabs something then walks out.
B0SV3 Person walks to a closet, opens a closet door, turns on a light, gets out a book, picks up a mug, sips from mug, looks at book
9LWQ6 A person undresses, throws clothes on a bed,  and then sits on the  bed and takes off shoes.
7XCAP Person is walking toward a chair to sit at the table opens a up a sandwich to look at the contents and began to drink out of a glass.
9TPP3 A person drinks coffee and walks in to a laundry room. The person sets down the coffee cup and folds some clothes.
1KC11 A person walks to a sofa and sits on it. They look at a laptop and interact with it briefly. They look at the television a few times. They stand up and walk away.
27KAK A person ate a sandwich in front of a mirror.  The person then watched themselves eat in a mirror.  Disturbed at this, the person then left.
ODD3K A person walks to a sofa and sits on it. Another person walks in the room eating an apple and carrying groceries. The other person stands by the couch.
ITDHX Person eating a sandwich, picks up pillow from inside a crib and sets the pillow on a bed.
ICQUJ A person is sitting in a chair and eating a sandwich while holding a vacuum cleaner.
AAQHJ A person walks into a room and sits down in a chair in front of a desk and watches a television. The person the eats food from a plate and takes a drink from a glass. The person picks up a pillow and holds it, then puts it down.
M6ERH A person takes a jar off a shelf, opens it, takes out some food and eats it. The person then sits down and continues eating out of the jar. The person then gets up and walks away.
FQS5V A person sits a table looking at a phone stands up and walks toward another table and picks up a sandwich.
SJJLG A person opens a cabinet, closes it, then crosses the room and sits in a chair at a table.
MUWG4 A person sits down and pours a glass of water. They take a drink from the water and then set the glass down. They close a cabinet door. Then they get back up and walk towards the front of the room.
OWRDE A person stood at the bottom of the stairs, took some food, unwrapped and ate it. The person then opened a bottle of water and drank from it before sitting at the bottom of a set of stairs. Next, the person took off one pair of shoes and then put on sneakers and tied them. The person stood up from the stairs and walks over to the vacuum
7EJUR The person is watching a show on their laptop while preparing food in the kitchen. The person goes to the refrigerator to take some food out. The person resumes preparing food.
VFAE3 a person walks out of the room, closes the door, walks back into the room, picks up some clothes and puts them away on a shelf in the closet.
YNY82 A person walks through the door with a broom and a towel and puts them down on the desk.
Q5K4X A person looks at a picture than goes outside.
FORXE The person is looking at something on the shelf. He then throws a picture on the floor, grabs a bag of groceries, and runs out of the room and out the door.
8Q7ZI A person is drinking from a cup and eating food.  They throw some food on the floor and walk down steps.
3UACJ A person is rummaging through clothes, then sits down and sips out of a mug. The person then gets up and walks away.
PRHR7 A person is cooking on the stove then  cleaning the stove.
VBN1O A person runs into a living room and starts to move small figures from on shelf to the next.
RKJ0C A person closes a door and turns on a light and then sits down at a table and eats from a large bowl.
4LNPN A person is in the pantry they take off their jacket then they take off their shirt, they pick up a jar and open it
OPMF7 A person puts on a skirt,a jacket, walks towards bed and sneezes
31LW5 Person walks into a room carrying a pillow, lays onto bed, snuggles with pillow and goes to sleep.
ZKNPV A person is standing in a living room watching television, smiling, and drinking some coffee.
5W1Z7 A person is lying on a bed, they then take a dish and set it into a box
KQ6XW A person looks behind a curtain then sits and picks up a bottle of water that the person then drinks from. The person picks up a broom from the floor and puts it behind the shelf.
SCFIN A person cleans a stove with a cloth then throws it away and opens a fridge.
1TZK5 A person is doing homework while standing and another person is eating food by the window.
S444Y A person walks to a bag, picks up a bag and starts taking food out of it and throwing it.
XTYDU The person washes the closet door with a towel while watching something on the laptop.
DLOS7 A person is standing and reaching for a light.  The person then sits on a toilet and opens a laptop.  The person, while sitting, cleans a door.
RFH6M A person opens a refrigerator door, takes food out and closes the door.  They then eat the food and put a towel over their shoulder.
W9BWJ Person walks into the room sit in a chair and drink something out of a glass pick up the glass and leave the room.
AFUBX A person is walking down the hallway carrying a bottle. After reaching the end of the hall, the person turns off the light and enters a doorway.
4BIMI A laughing person opens a cabinet and then takes off shoes. The person next takes a plastic cup off of a shelf and drinks from it.
TS2DM Person walks to a room, up a step, turns and holds phone up, then walks back across the hall.
XX3RB Person is standing next to table taking cookies from a plate. Person walks to the kitchen with plate in hand.
KO2MY The person is standing in the living room, laughing and holding a sandwich. The person picks up a pillow, and then walks over and starts tidying the vacuum cleaner. The person is also taking bites of the sandwich.
1DVV0 A person walks in to bedroom and removes a laptop from the bed and a plate from a desk, then leaves.
Z4Y04 A person standing at a stove with a wooden spoon their hand moving it around .The person reaches for a oven mitt and puts it on their hand opens the oven door and checks food baking.
55NRK A person is sitting in a chair reading a book, then picks up their phone to look at it, and sneezes.
ZJRCS A person is drinking coffee and looking at their phone. Another person walks in and opens a window.
U588C A person is standing outside eating a sandwich. Another person is sitting on a staircase on their phone.
422BV A person puts their shoes on. They then tidy up a desk.
NBSPH one person looking at food on a table picks up a towel other person walks in and sits on the table
KTXSD person on knees wearing a hooded shirt opening a bag
EJZZZ A person is looking at a phone while sipping from a mug. A second person is putting on a jacket.
U2AO1 A person opens a cabinet, and takes medicine.
J9T5D A person is sitting in a chair. A person then fixes a light, and starts tidying up. the person then grabs a bag.
WRCO6 A person is holding and looking at a picture. The person sets the picture on a wardrobe. The person removes their hoodie and shoes.
VF49P A person walks to a bed, picks up a pillow and throws it. They then pick up a glass of water from a desk.
CC0PK A person takes a book from a shelf while holding a glass of something, another person is watching them.
3MX8V A person is in the garage. The person throws a blanket down, picks it back up, and then places it on a shelf.
G5EAN A person is sitting on the floor in a closet. They then stand and leave.
21O5C A person walks to a doorway, turns around and stands in the doorway, then runs away from the doorway.
C7G1S There is a person standing at a sink washing a plate.  They then take the clean plate, put some vegetable on it and throw the vegetables into a bucket.
HVFXT A person is cooking dinner on the stove and going to the fridge for milk.
150E6 A person has bent over on the floor to pick up a broom off the floor next to a small rug.
TNDT2 A person is sitting on the floor with a glass and a phone. They put the phone down. They drink from the glass and open a laptop
S5U92 A person wearing a blanket is cleaning the door with a rag. They then walk to a mirror and clean it.
87Y64 A person is sitting on their bed and someone walks in and throws a book and them and they fall on the floor. The book is picked up and placed on a table.
T6K23 A person is watching their laptop while sitting reclined on their bed.
W5P6B A person holding a stick and a hose sits down in a chair.
QCPXJ The person holds a glass of coffee and sits in the chair while drinking the coffee and looking around the room.
XEJ35 Person standing by the stairs with a towel around the neck holding a book and reading it.
DR1ZU A person standing in a hallway, fixing a light. The person switches the light on, walks up the stairs, and then returns a moment later carrying a paper.
K8OB6 A person is undressing and holding a pillow then Person B walks in eating a sandwich.
QVBTC A person is looking out the window of the bathroom. They then wash their face in the sink.
ZDWM7 A person on the phone walks through a doorway talking on a phone eating a sandwich and bumps into a seat with a dog on it and walks away.
T5SI3 A person sitting at a table looks at a book before putting it into a box.
BFCU9 A person eats something and then takes a drink
LRDW5 a person opens the closet and puts on a sweater then leaves the room
A9YQJ A person holding a small broom backwards, is touching the handle to the floor of a small room. The person place is the broom on a box, and styles his hair back in place.
YAHDM A person walks down some steps with a broom in hand.
14HG1 Person sitting, stands up grabs a hose, walks to the doorway, turns around, stops, picks up clothes, walks back to doorway and into hallway, sits down, gets back up and walks towards camera.
XPXWY A person opens the pantry door. A person then begins sneezing. A persons gets milk from the fridge.
UOZES a person is lying on a bed then wakes up and opens their laptop and laughs
M17EM A young person looking at a phone, and writing something down.
T42A2 {}
0FM93 A person is carrying a bag and a box, and then proceeds to enter a room and close the door.
ICOX1 A person is lying on the sofa and awakes. A person then puts on their shoes, turns on the light, sneeze, and gets back on the sofa.
PF7HH A person opens up a cabinet and takes out a phone and looks at it. Then walks out of the room.
51N2C Person takes off their sweater before reading a pamphlet and opening the door.
Z2KJ5 A person is laying down in bed and taking an oreo out of the bag. The person proceeds to eat the oreo.
DFSHF Person walks to the cabinet with groceries in hand sit the groceries down open the cabinet while looking into the cabinet.
IBWAW They are standing around drinking coffee and then they exchange a gift.
7NXWU A person is washing some shoes. The person drinks some coffee then continues to wash the shoes.
7NOOM A person is using a broom to clean the floor and then holds a water bottle.
IAHN3 Some people are walking together in a door. One person is holding a camera and walks away, the other is holding a bag of groceries. The one holding a camera takes the other persons photo from many angles.
50E06 A person is holding a towel while sitting on a bed and eating. They grab a glass and drink from it, then throw the towel.
727IZ A person is looking in a cabinet, they take out their homework, sit down at a desk, and begin working on it.
00T1E A person is lying on a bed looking at a laptop. Then, they close the laptop and get up from the bed after putting shoes on. They then walk out of the room.
OP2SS A person is cooking on a stove. The person grabs a spoon to stir in the skillet. The person smiles and grabs their laptop to work on it.
FMZOY A person is standing reading a book and turning the pages. The person turns, opens the door and walks through the doorway.
3IS9Y someone sitting looking at a picture frame and messing with a box
BYWZ5 A person in a kitchen sits down in a chair in front of a laptop and eats a sandwich.
21F9H The person enters a bedroom while drinking from a bottle.  The person takes something that looks like a cell phone from headboard and then sits on bed while continuing to drink.
I75CL a person walks in through a door holding bags and eats something then takes off shoes
IULK6 A person is sitting while writing with a pen in a notebook.
W7HR1 A person walks into a bathroom, moves some stuff on the counter, takes a box from under the counter and walks out.
OVD84 a person walks into a room and wakes up another person
UZ2AL A person is standing in their kitchen by the stove. They are taking bites of some food that they have in their hand while looking around.
0M0T4 A PERSON WALKS INTO ROOM, AND TAKES OFF JACKET,AND PICKS UP A PHONE AND WALKS OUT OF A ROOM
AKO6M A person holding a glass of water puts it down next to the sink.  They bend over, open a cabinet and take out a bag, then close the cabinet door and stand up.
FAJEA A person sits in a chair while holding a pillow. The person drinks some medicine and some water.
M4FOP A person standing in front of three large windows closes a bag and places it on the floor. The person puts their hands in shirt pockets and rocks back and forth.
OHR82 A person interacted with a box.  A person then took some detergent and put it inside a washer.
N8913 A person picks up a towel and holds it on one hand and then picks up a coffee cup and takes a drink. And then they walk into the living room and look at the Tv.
V1BX9 A person is standing eating a plate of food. Another person walks into the room and puts a book on a chair.
OVFVJ A MAN ENTERS THE FRAME, OPENS UP THE CABINET DOOR, PULLS OUT A BLANKET, PLACES IT ON THE SOFA, TAKES OFF HIS JACKET
0A8CF YOUNG MALE PERSON DOING HIS HOMEWORK AND TAKING A SIP OF WATER.
PAW5E Two people are hugging. One of the people has a snack and the other wrestles it away and runs out of the room.
PC92A A person walks through the living room while holding a pair of shoes. They then sit down at the table.
65ULK A person walks through the room and takes a jacket from the closet. They look in the mirror as they put the jacket on.
95M0X A person with a towel on her head sneezes. Another person is holding some papers. They hug one another.
Q5YDL Person sitting on the couch with a laptop in lap watching something, closes it, takes a food from the table, and then folds his arms behind his head.
610PZ Person standing just outside the door holding a glass, drinking.
GT07A A person picks shoes up off the floor before taking homework off the table.
TESF6 A person sits on a couch and puts a box in front of them. The person takes out a camera, plays with it, then puts it in the box and closes it. The person then puts the box on their lap and laughs.
V7YEJ A person is lying on the floor. A person the grabs a phone and looks at it.
QYPLI The person took the shirt off and threw it on the chair and went to the couch and fluffed the pillows before sitting down.
WKSFS A person is sitting on their couch with a blanket and their dog.
FRSBQ Person is folding clothes the is laying on the bed picking up piece by piece and then removes shirt.
RXELU A person enters the bathroom, turns on the light, and drinks from a mug while smiling into the mirror.
L4184 There is a person standing up doing something to a camera.  That same person then kicks their shoes off.
EEGGA Man sits down, puts a orange blanket on his lap, and begins to eat while watching TV.
X8JVY A person walks in carrying a bag through a doorway.  The person then takes multiple objects out of the bag including a book.
96ATI A person is woring on a laptop, then starts sneezing. The person pulls out some clothes.
EHIOY A person is sitting in a chair covered with a blanket. The person wakes up and takes from food from the stove. The person eats the food.
4WO5F A person, with a towel wrapped around their head, walks from to the sofa with a glass in their hands. They sit down and take a sip.
IIW0F A man is using a phone. They then pick up a blanket and put it on their shoulder.
M847G A person is sitting in a chair alone looking at a photo while also holding a towel. Afterwards, the person sneezed twice violently, and cleaned the the photo with the towel.
7AB3X A person is lying on a bed and then gets up and looks into a mirror picks up a coffee cup and some food.
8YFD1 A person is looking into a mirror before undressing and drinking from a coffee cup.
OQSXX Person sitting on sofa, then gets up puts towel over shoulder, then looks out door window and opens door and walks away.
0IU3G A person is talking on phone and taking off shoes.
GYFM4 A person is walking into a room and sneezing then tidying up a shelf.
ZQKVY A person opens a door and runs into a room holding a box. They set the box down on the floor and take a blanket out of it, and throw it on the bed.
8B4ZP A person is sitting on a couch, reading a book and eating. The person then sets the book on the table, takes off her sweater, turns off the light, and leave the room.
CS7HY The person walks through the living room, holding a broom. The person walks into the kitchen, sets the broom down, opens a cabinet, and starts preparing food on the counter top.
W0XPU A person sits on the bed and puts their shoes on.  The same person then picks up a sandwich, starts to eat it and stands up and walks to the door.
Z9RED A person walks into the bathroom. The person tries to open a roll of toilet paper. The person sneezes. The person wipes their nose into the roll of toilet paper.
R2AP7 A person is on the top of the stairs fixing their hair in a mirror while another person is running up and down the stairs.
WEW2E A man walks in with a bag and pulls a towel out of in, then they lay it on the floor.
FQ2Q3 A person is sitting in a chair at a desk opening a book. The person closes the book. The person turns and watches the television.
UNWMJ A person puts a phone on the stairs and then undresses. The person then talks on the phone before moving over to turn off the camera.
88ZT4 Person walking into kitchen, placing mug on counter and picking up phone before walking out. Other person wraps blanket around head and shoulders before walking into kitchen, picking up mug and taking a sip.
X4BQG A person opens a cabinet and wraps a sandwich in a paper towel, then places it in a drawer, sneezes, then picks up a tea towel and smells rubs it on their nose.
8LLI3 This person is playing on their phone, takes a photo of some food, then closes the door.
U0BCE A person carrying a box and a towel is wiping the box off.The person the person place the box behind them and proceeds to go to the desk and straighten things up on the desk.
MSVWC A person is sitting on the stairs eating a sandwich. A person takes a grocery item out of the bag and throws it.
PNRFK A person is putting on some clothes at the bottom of some stairs, they then take a drink from a glass, grab a vacuum, and leave.
FSOFF A person is sitting on a sofa playing with a laptop. Another person sits on the sofa and takes off their shoes.
JQRMQ A person opens a door and turn on a light, they then take a box out of the closet, sneeze, then close the closet door and turn off the light.
RPXAC A person is sitting in a chair. They take off their jacket and put it down. Then they grab a shirt and stand up while putting it on.
0DD62 A person stands in front of a table. The person picks up a picture from a shelf from the desk.
OKHVL The person walked to a table and placed a glass on the table. The person then sits down and eats and drinks at the table.
RG0JH A person is sitting on the edge of a bed, the person grabs a blue shoes then looks out a window and begins to sneeze
0Z1PC A person walks through the doorway holding a pillow. They open a cabinet and put the pillow and a blanket inside and close it. Then they walk in front of a mirror.
6XB10 A person is picking up clothes from off the floor. A person then begins to sneeze.
OGLCO A person is sitting on a floor using a laptop and eating chips from a bag.
QVD5B A young woman is standing by a door holding some bags when all of a sudden she sneezes  forcing her to drop the bags and sneeze again.
CWL92 A person walks out a door and then walks up some stairs. holding some shoes
FBOF0 A person is lying on the bed and wakes up and trys to turn the tv on but it wouldnt turn on so they had to get up
FYYFX A person throws off blankets and jumps out of bed to look out a window.  The person then gets a camera off a desk and takes a picture.
FQ8FN A person is lying in bed. A person awakes. A person then puts on their shoes.
HB02D A person is eating a sandwich and snugging with a pillow on a bed.
4J1AP A person wrapped in a blanket is sitting at a table eating food from a bowl. They pick up a glass and drink from it.
DM2XL A person walks down a flight of steps holding a pillow and a book.
GYVK9 A man straightening a picture on the wall out and sneezing while holding a plate.
CESHR A person is sitting on the edge of their bed kicking their legs and watching television and then they lay down.
DMO76 A person plays with a phone on a table then runs into a room and takes a picture of something before putting the phone on a sofa.
2XKVQ A person is wetting a towel in a sink.
HUWAZ Person is sitting on their bed while drinking coffee and watching TV.
RGNQD A person walks to a table then goes to the tv and picks a glass off of the floor
Z6B6S Taking groceries from a shelf and wiping shelf with towel
2DO31 A person is laying on the couch while watching TV. They then stand up and put on their shoes and begin to walk toward the TV.
T9Y1N Person goes into the pantry where they hold a box and sneeze repeatedly onto it. The person then grabs a mirror and begins to smile while looking into it.
LA266 Someone is sitting at a table eating something. Another person is washing their hands in a sink and sneezes.
F1V30 person walks into their kitchen to clean up using a small rag. They then proceed to wash dishes.
XZ2WT A person walking through a doorway an opening a wardrobe.  The person takes out a blanket.
SKYIS A person in a bathroom is freshening up and looking in a mirror for cleanliness.
CYCEV two persons are in a room, both were drinking juice, other person got cold and sneezing and finally went out of the room
JQAO5 A person came in to a room carrying magazines in her hands . She turns at the and places the books on a shelf. Than proceeds to turn and walk past the door in to the in the other direction.
TYWHY A person jogs into a room and looks through a cabinet. They pull a laptop out and start typing on it
AFIRW A person washes and dries their hands before taking a selfie in the mirror.
ACSP8 A person places clothes into a box before texting on their phone.
8ZPXA A person is laying on the floor reading a book. The person throws the pillow, that they were resting their head on, across the room
CPRBC A person sitting on stairs and eating a banana while watching TV.
Q7TXX The person walked down the stairs a few steps, then walked back up holding a glass. At the top of the stairs the person smiled.
QASDI A person holds onto a laptop while holding a camera.
LGJAR A person is lying in bed and sits up, while another person turns on the lights.
TK1VC A person is sneezing, walks over, picks up a broom and a book, then sits on a couch.
00607 A person dusted a table then a shelf.  The person then grabbed a broom and swept the room, emptying the dustpan into a trashcan.
AMT7R A person walks over to a bed and takes a picture. Then they walk over to the wall and hang the picture on it.
A59CN This person is walking down the hallway looking at their phone and then they sneeze.
KTDG0 The person picks up a vacuum and brings it in another room. The person then shuts the door and begins to vacuum.
BQ963 A person is sitting on the bed and is sorting through various plates.  The person then pulls out a cell phone and proceeds to look at it.
E89S9 The person gets up from a chair, takes a picture from the counter, and hangs it on the wall.
UVLL9 A person is fixing a doorknob while another person sits on a bed and watches.
XT9D4 Person is putting groceries  into the refrigerator. Once finished, the person picks up the phone.
MVPPS A person fills a cup with coffee.  The person then puts that on a table, takes food from the table, then consumes it.  The person then walks to the sink.
X2JBJ A person is smiling while reading a book and leaning against a cabinet.
ZC59Y A person is walking down the stairs holding a book. They stop on the stairs and open the book. The continue walking down the stairs looking at the book. When they get to the bottom of the stairs they sit down and keep reading.
A1IUE Person #1 walked upto a table and began cleaning it with a towel. They then threw it in the air and caught it. Then They sat down with the towel at the table. Person #2 stood in the doorway holding something and watching.
EG0VZ A person gets out of bed and makes a big stretch .The person gets up and picks up a broom and a book .The person leaves the room .
8T0DD A person is standing up, using a laptop, and then takes off their coat and tosses it off to the side.
52KNA A person walks down a hallway to a bathroom. A person looks in a mirror and cleans the glass. A person puts things away
BM9NZ A person is hugging a pillow before getting up and getting some food.
MZ3I3 A person is undressing, then makes a phone call and drinks from a cup.
O6DJW A person is hitting a toilet tying their shoe. The person then grabs a dish from the cabinet beside them and eats a sandwich off of it.
UL5X4 A person is sitting on a bed with a sandwich, then drinking from a cup.
K4Q7F A person is standing in a bedroom holding a book. The person sees a picture and smiles at it, then walks through a doorway.
ME4YL A person walks over to a counter, picks up a blanket and a towel and puts them on a table. Then they close the microwave door, pick up a book, open it and place it on the counter.
SM41Q A person is sitting at a table. They stand and take a laptop off a shelf before leaving.
2OJY8 A person puts on a jacket then takes some dishes out of a box.
FFYL6 A person is putting a broom away in the closet, and then picks up a box. The person then sneezes and smiles.
GGN5G A person is taking a box of food out of the cabinet.
XU2N8 One person is sitting on a bed studying from a book while another one is sitting in a chair working on their computer.
LSMNX A person picks up some dishes and puts them somewhere. The person then tidys up the shirt that the person is wearing.
3Q92U A person is snuggling with a pillow then they walk away.
A7KHN A person walks into the room holding a phone and a cup. The person drinks from the cup while bending over.
UR55B A person is sitting in a chair, working on homework at a desk. After a few seconds,  second person carrying a bag walks opens and closes the door before walking across the room.
8N4O9 A person walks into a room, opens the door to the closet, walks in the closet to take out towels, and finally, walks away
72LJ3 A person is sitting on a bed covered by a blanket while reading a book. The person then gets up and walks away.
12XD3 A person is standing in a bathroom holding a dish and eating a sandwich off the dish.
JC3TE person A is walking down the stairs holding clothes while Person B is sitting on the stairs holding a vacuum.
IALUY A person sneezes and then washes their hands with a towel. Then they look at themselves in a mirror.
SANRG A person is sitting on a sofa folding a towel. They throw it on the floor and go open and take something out of the refrigerator.
MWX5K A guy screws a table, gets up and puts on a shirt
QYM5H A person throws a towel on the floor, then picks up a camera takes pictures.
R55C1 The person sitting at the table sneezed twice, picked up and fiddled with a camera, and then picked up a prescription bottle, examining it.
5TKIB A person folds a blanket and sets it down on the stairs and then takes a toy out of a bag.
AL1WC A person closes the refrigerator, and then starts to cook something on the stove.
13IS9 A person puts on their shoes, then gets up out of bed, closes their laptop, and walks out of the room
FQOGZ A person feeds their cat, and then sneezed. Then they go grab a drink of water.
B47TS The person is sitting on a towel, on a chair. The person rubs medicine on their hands. The person then moves glasses and bottles on the table.
WC5QK A person turns on the camera then undresses while staring at the lens. The person ramps up the gum chewing to drape a towel over their shoulders, then walks over and sits down in a chair to look more closely at the camera before reaching for the button to stop recording.
Y2EID A person opens a door, takes a towel off their head and sneezes.
V6H2O A person is drinking a beverage. The person then goes towards the door.
6U47G A person is sitting on a couch, and then lying down on the couch. The person then picks up an apple and eats it.
OUPCK A person walks through a door while holding a towel. He holds the towel in his mouth before taking off his jacket.
2U3X0 Someone is opening the door to a bathroom and drags a table in and sits on the toilet to pour themselves a bowl of cereal.
KWHPI someone is opening a sliding glass door and opens the blinds and looks out a window.
YACA8 A woman is cleaning up. She is picking up clothing and folding it and putting it into a basket and picking up shoes and setting them somewhere.
ZJ37U person comes into the room, turns off hall light, sits in the chair.  Turns on TV.  Dog jumps into chair.  Person turns off TV with remote.  Gets up and walks across room to camera.  Sandwich in hand whole time.
F7TG5 Person walks into the room take off some clothing, then remove blanke off the sofa and sit on the sofa
VS7VS A person walks across a room and grabs a magazine and throws it across the room.
7835X A person throws their shoes in the corner of the room. Then they clean the floor with a rag.
TM0BV A person descends some stairs while holding a blanket. At the bottom of the stairs, the person removes their shoes and sets them aside.
KGO3W a person walks to a light switch, turns on the lights, flips through a notebook, picks up a cup, takes a drink, then sets cup down and walks away.
PAS7F A person is taking a box from a shelf and thorwing an object, they then proceed to sit on a sofa.
5SBEY A man walks into the room, throws a garment on the bed and then sits down and drinks from a glass.
W8CWW A person opens a door and walks to a table. They sit down and begin playing on a laptop.
O7YEF A person sitting in a chair  takes chips from a bag and eats them while looking at a laptop on a table.
OOWBP A person is taking a picture from a wardrobe, they look at it, put it back in, then begin to wash down the wardrobe.
TIPFG There is a person sitting on the bed drinking coffee of an orange mug. There is another person while sitting down, grabs a box and takes some shoes out and places them on the floor.
DGHSW A person walks quickly down the stairs, holding a book and sets a cup on a table.
48XER The person is kneeling down and looking through the bathroom cupboard.  The person then stands up and folds the towel and places it on the bathroom counter.
C6N6Y a person is working on their homework while eating an apple
RRQEV A person picks up a blanket and places it on a shelf. They take a book from the shelf.
C4QKE person walking in hall holding pillow leans on wall smiling
5INX3 A person is sitting at a desk using a laptop watching a video. They then get up out of a chair and put on a jacket.
JCT0K The woman carries a paper bag and opens a door in the hallway.
VU760 A person watching television moves a pillow and sits down on a sofa.  The person gets up again.
LCA0Q A person plays on their laptop in the bathroom.
541JP A person is dressing and then looks into a mirror.
U7AAB A person standing in front of a table arranging dishes on the placemat.
2UQKZ A person is in their room, they are looking in the mirror they take a blanket and the wrap themselves in it.
2Z8G8 A person places food in a cabinet than folds a blanket.
93B2K One person is standing on the stairs while buttoning up their shirt. Another is sitting beside them on the stairs typing on their laptop.
P6JGZ A person crouches down, looking into a cabinet. The person grabs a roll of paper towels out, stands up and sets the paper towels on a table. The person then closes the cabinet and walks away.
1W6ZK A person opens a door and walks into the room. They remove a towel from around their shoulders and bunch it up into a ball and put it into a box. They leave the room through the same doorway.
USNON A person is laughing. They fall to the floor then stand and close a door.
ABOBW A person walks to a bookshelf and looks for something. The person then walks out the door of the room
FQM2N The person is siting down on a chair. The person then grabs a book and stands up. The person uses the book on a wall object then leaves.
MTOFZ A person grabs a bottle of medicine, takes some, then picks up a glass of water and drinks it.
BDZNW A person is washing a green bowl in a sink, rinses the bowl under running water and then leaves the room.
ECVER A person walks into a kitchen and walks over to a stove.The person turns and walks to the table and sits down in a chair.The person proceeds to work on a laptop sitting on the table.
EYZXC A person sits at a table and pours a cup of coffee. They wrap a blanket around themself before leaving.
EJFUA A person standing in a kitchen is holding a pillow and a pair of sneakers and then proceeds to run into the living room and then runs back into the kitchen.
XUUP0 The person was standing on a rug looking at a laptop.  The person began interacting and typing on the laptop while standing.
823U4 A person vacuums their hallway while they quaff coffee from a Styrofoam cup they are holding.
I2QTB Two people are standing in the kitchen, one is pouring water into the sink while the other throws a towel into the sink. The person closest to the sink takes a book out of their pocket and begins to read it as they turn around. The other person walks towards the counter and leans against it while scratching their head.
W3SC3 A person outside sneezes. They walk inside, open the window, then tidy up some dishes off the floor.
BFH78 A person is sitting down at a desk messing with some stuff, the person grabs a towel that was on their lap and starts holding it.
SKZUG Person is turning on and off light in fridge then turns on stove.
OE2M1 A person is looking at a blue tray filled with groceries that is sitting on a dresser. The person talks to someone else and that person comes through the doorway, removes the tray of groceries, and exits through the doorway.
NQMMJ A person is going through a pantry looking for an item, they drop an item on the floor by accident and find what they are looking for in the back of the cupboard.
B6T4P a person is eating snacks while looking at their camera.
J2XFQ A person is jogging in place, and then opens the refrigerator, grabs a sandwich and starts to eat it.
3T785 A person is putting a towel on their head and looking at a laptop while the other is watching them with a camera.
9CL96 A person stands in the doorway while opening a box then the person smiles.
LBJ0W The person was siting on a bed took off shoes,got up walked to the desk sat on a chair and look in the  mirror on the desk.
90W31 A person is standing at the stove with a pot.
U33ZS A person sitting down takes a laptop out of their bag then opens it up. They pick up some books as well and start writing.
KY2KA A person opes a cabinet door, takes out a book and then picks up a box and looks at pictures.
6C0BK A person is placing a hand towel in a holder on the wall and then picking up their phone and looking at it.
22O95 A person was seated at a desk with their head down and then the person lifted their head and looked at the smart phone in the person's hand.
4K0BP A girl sits down on a chair in her kitchen, drinks a glass of water, and checks something on her phone which makes her smile.
PIJRH a person walks into a room holding a bag, they pull a pillow out of a bag, and look at it smiling
SLHDI The person walked to the refrigerator and closed a door on the way. Then the person opened refrigerator, then rubbed nose with hand and wiped hand on the person's clothes even though the person was carrying a towel.  Then the person pulled out a container of berries, opened it and took out a berry and ate it. The person then sneezed into the towel and replaced the container of berries into the refrigerator and closed the doors and walked away.
C4MUA A person walks through a doorway holding a cup of coffee. The person bends down to pick up a pillow, while holding the cup of coffee.
Z0DO7 The person drinks something out of a small metal cup, then picks up a large piece of cloth, wipes their face, and throws the cloth over their shoulder.
OEIR9 A person is eating food out of a bowl. Another person, who was washing a table, turns around and  is writing on a piece of paper with a pen.
EXW9K The person is sitting at a table writing on paper. That same person gets up from the table and walks over to the stove and grabs hold of a frying pan currently on the stove.
XRU9O A person is leaning against the wall eating a sandwich.
S4P5J A person is sitting on the the toilet reading a box of cereal. Another person enters the room with a bag, and empties it underneath the sink.
43CF9 A person is sitting on a couch holding a pillow and smiling. Then another person sits on the couch while holding some food. A dog jumps on the couch and the one person gives some food to the other person.
XGS3K A person standing reading a book and then walks across the room to a sliding glass door and opens the curtains and then opens the door.
3C1ZN A person is lying on a sofa under a blanket with their head on a pillow. They awaken and yawn. They then snuggle the pillow
L2502 The person is sneezing and tapping their chest. The person then walks over to the mirror, fixes their hair, and starts to take their shirt off.
AT9UV A person was sleeping on a sofa. The person was wearing a hat and resting on a folded up blanket. The person rubbed their head, yawned, took off the hat, and sat up. The person then looked at the television, which was turned on.
5E4XD A person is looking at their reflection in the mirror while tidying up their hair. They then grab some tubing and looks into its opening.
9RRED A person is waking around the room drinking a bottle of water.  They put the bottle on a table and take off their shoes.  Then they pick up the bottle, walk to the couch, move a blanket and sit down.
HBWLV A person is sitting in a chair washing some shoes at a table.
5TYXL The person is sitting on the stairs, opening a box and taking dishes out. The person rearranges the dishes on the stairs, and then stands up and picks up a vacuum.
3LN8C A person stands in a living room. The person walks up the stairs, and takes off their shoes.
RDVGK Person A is sneezing while holding a broom and talking on the phone. Person B is sitting on the floor on top of shoes.
IEQWT person is opening a door
GMLPK someone is standing and looking around, then picks up a sandwich from a shelf and starts eating it before walking into another room
L29HE A person is sitting on the floor looking at a vaccum they grab a broom and stand up.
IQY10 A person stands in a doorway, hugging a towel. The person then smiles.
FLDHS A person is dusting. The person puts the duster down and picks up a green blanket off of the floor and puts it in a box on table.
Y1HGC A person walks out of and back into a room drinking from a  cup, then they sit down and look at the camera while cradling the cup in their hands. They shake from side to side and make weird faces.
QWKVM A person walks through a door and sets a glass on a desk. Another person flips through their homework and then closes the door.
3NKHT The person in this video is holding a computer in one hand while reaching into cabinets and grabbing ingredients to cook with the other hand.
YE6UZ A person is putting clothes into a basket. The person opens up drawers and holds onto a phone.
G30NS A PERSON IS TYDING UP AN AREA IN THE GARAGE. HE TAKES A BLANKET AND PUTS IT IN A BOX AND ADDS OTHER THINGS FROM A SHELF INTO A BOX
QXGK5 A person in a kitchen leans over to remove something from a bag. They then remove their phone from their pocket, look at it, and appear to answer it as they walk out of the room.
4SBL5 a person is sweeping the stairs with a broom and then lays down on the stairs
V3SOF A person walks into the kitchen and takes a cup off the stove and puts it up.  That same person then puts something in the refrigerator.
BIJYC Person standing at a table running in place watching television while talking on the phone.
D04GX The person opens a door, walks into a room and closes the door, while eating a sandwich. The person has a camera in their hand.
CLB72 This person turns on light, walks into the closet, gets a pillow and then places the pillow on closet shelf.
D4D2T Someone is standing in the living room while holding a towel. They then take a sandwich from a box and begin to eat it.
BPT87 The person ran up and down on stair,picked  up a broom raped towel on the broom and put the broom down.
BVRAS A person is sweeping their stairs and then sets the broom aside and pulls out a sandwich.
OTL44 A person walks into the room carrying a plate and a cup. Shortly afterwards the person trips on a pillow and falls onto the floor.
LIXE6 A person uses a camera to take a picture and look at the results and then takes a banana and bag of Doritos with him to the next room.
GKBSR A person is talking on the phone while peeking out a door in their kitchen.
M014B A person walks up to the counter and looks at a carton of milk. They take a drink and look again before tending food that is cooking.
330R7 The person is serving food onto a dish. They cover the food then leave.
FXZI5 A person is holding a towel. In addition another person is lying on the couch.
T3R3K Person A is sitting on a sofa folding clothes then eating while Person B is on the floor vacuuming.
P5YNX A person is sitting in a chair with a laptop. They put the laptop down on the table and pick up their phone to talk on it. They walk around the room while on the phone and kick some clothes out of the way.
AFCDN A person is standing in front of a refrigerator looking through a camera. They set the camera on the fridge. Then they open the fridge and get out a snack and start eating.
3AKML A person runs in a closet, takes a shirt off a hanger an puts it on.  Then the person takes a box off a shelf and walks out.
9BPW6 A person is taking a blanket that was on the chair before wrapping themselves in the blanket and sitting down.
ZVRBL The person takes the dishes from the table, then walks over to the sink and starts to wash them under the tap.
MEHNH A person stands in front of a cabinet and then opens the cabinet door. The person then begins unbutton a shirt and takes it off. The person then begins looking into the cabinet.
XVLE2 A person walks down the hallway. They then pull a phone out of their pocket and sneezes.  They then begin talking on the phone.
KOVTR The person wakes and sits up out of bed. After putting on flip flops with a blanket over themselves, the person walks over to the table to eat something.
4GHHK A person in the kitchen is making a peanut butter sandwich.
2NXFV A person joins another person sitting on a couch and eats some food out of a bag.
EFADI A person takes off a coat and puts it down on a chair.  Then they take a bottle of medicine from a shelf and pours it.
E6RD3 A person sits at a table laughing and removes their hat. Then they stand up, grab a broom and exit the room.
YIIFF A person is straightening a shelf and picture then putting on a sweater.
PZNVV A person looks through a notebook on a table then lifts a bag off of it.
KZR42 A person walked into a room and immediately sat on the floor,pulled out a bottle of pills and swallowed some while a small dog ran around.
2KGV3 This person appears to be in living room, sitting on couch, reading, puts book down and then starts eating a sandwich.
9FVR3 A person is sitting on their bed wrapped in a blanket doing something on a laptop, they then begin eating some food
FTH7M One person fixes their hair while looking into a mirror. A different person walks into the room holding a vacuum and begins to undress,
J95U1 A person is sitting a table and puts their head on the desk. The person starts playing with their phone and then turns on the tv.
40IEF The person is lying on the ground, playing with their phone and laughing.
FK143 A person opens the closet door and gets some medicine out. They pour the medicine in a glass and drink it.
U08M9 A person is closing a door while talking on the phone at the base of a set of stairs.
CSPSU a person walks into the kitchen while drinking from a cup.  The person starts putting cups into the cabinet.
5DFKT A person drinks coffee from a cup while holding onto a broom and dustpan.
N86ED A person walks backwards holding a napkin and eating a sandwich. They then open a box of snacks and start eating that.
RPY8D A person is sitting on a couch looking at a mirror and then lays down under a blanket.
7JHW2 A person is running holding a l aptopthen setting it down on a table and taking a watch off.
RCW5X A person is standing and looking out a window while holding a purse and books.
R5B50 A person sitting in the bathroom fixes a small handheld vacuum then places it on the floor. The person then picks up a jacket from the floor and puts it on.
LYY21 A person is cooking on a stove. They pick up a coffee cup and hold it.
4KYZH a person opens up the fridge and grabs some food then does something on the stove while eating
YXC7P A person is sitting on the floor while reading a book.
MS4GA person is holding broom, opens door and puts the broom up and walks away
QQMY8 a person takes off a shirt and puts it in a closet then turns on a light and grabs a glass
B4TWR The people stand, holding blanks. One person continues to hold the blanket, while the other person folds the blanket and puts it on a shelf. The people begin to talk and laugh.
5I5E5 A person, who is sitting at a desk, takes a tissue out of a box, sneezes into the tissue, then looks around the room.
HT9YB A person is laughing while looking at a computer screen. They continue to look and work on the computer until the video is over.
LUQWY A person fixes their laptop while sitting on a bed.
JMPKP A person puts a pair of shoes into their closet and closes the door. They sit down in a chair and just sort of stare.
K6KNC a person sits on the floor and does something
WKVWF A person drinks from a glass while opening a box and removing objects.
5UNMN A person wiped a door with a cloth, then sat down at a desk and turned the page of a notebook.
OE2OX A person walked into a room, put a blanket into a wardrobe, then put a shirt on.
WLV4Q A person is on the stairs holding a blanket and a book.
LDNE2 A person carries a vacuum into the dining room than starts reading a book.
GT43R A person turns on a light and walks into the bathroom with a blanket. They are sneezing as they do this. They grabbed something off the shelf, shut the light, and walked back out.
LD6TD A person is sitting at a table reading a book they rub their eyes and then rub their nose they close the book pick up a glass and walk away.
9AC1T A person is sitting at a table and reading a book while another person is running in circles.
X2IUY A person is cooking at the stove while another person takes pictures with a camera.
XRG9K A person kneeling down sneezes. They then open a box and take out some books.
KJRR9 person walks through the door, turns on the light, and makes their way to the sink in the restroom to wash their hands.
0E6H9 A person standing in the doorway of their garage is cleaning their camera as they encounter sunlight for the first time in months.  Suddenly, they begin drinking the liquid they were using to clean their camera.
BJ7YW A person moving around a room picking up things off the floor and throwing them in a closet . The person goes to a desk and picks up a cloth and cleans a glass on a picture .
U9NI5 A person is eating a sandwich and then take a drink from a glass. The person runs out of the room at looks into the mirror while eating a sandwich.
2KMGY A person is sitting.  The person gets up, grabs a bag, rubs eyes, and then grabs a drink of water before taking off a jacket.
1P7GJ A person is using a broom, then putting trash in a bag and opening a door.
U7O1U A person is taking off a shirt. While another person is holding a vacuum and sneezing.
44T8B A person is at the bathroom sink smiling and washing their face.
IFRT0 A person is sweeping the floor with a broom. A person then looks at a medicine bottle.
4UXE3 People cooking on the stove get something out of the cabinet stirs the pot with a spoon.
2OREK The person is holding an animal while looking out the window. They also place a pot down on the counter.
HDCT0 A person is looking at a picture smiling.
TDGNE A person standing in the kitchen cooking. The person walks to the refrigerator and opens it.
AOAY0 Two people are sitting on a couch drinking coffee. One person begins cleaning a picture and the other person begins helping as well.
VXJS4 A person opens a door, walks across the threshold, and stands there while playing on a phone and smiling.
HH1R7 A person is holding some pepper and opens a cabinet. They grab a pot and pour some pepper into it then sneezes and puts the pot down. Then they put the pepper in a cabinet.
1GII3 A person messes with a cloth on a dryer.  The person then seizes food from a cabinet and begins to consume it.
7E2AJ A person is lying on the floor.  The stand up, take off clothes and throw them on the floor.  They pick up a sandwich and eat it.
Y8L60 A person opens a cabinet door, then sneezes and takes a picture.
DBHN6 Someone runs up a staircase holding a pillow. At the same time somebody else walks down it with a sandwich in their hand.
CM6T8 A person walks into a closet and grabs a plate of food off a shelf. The person begins eating and walks out.
6KG58 A person is taking a shirt off.
HG7C2 A person is undressing in a doorway and then holding a broom.
OB9D0 This person appears to be in the bedroom, sitting on the bed, putting shoes on and then looking at their phone.
86E2E A person wraps up in a blanket and lays on a pillow on the floor and then eats some food.
5NV2Z The person picks up the cup. The person looks in the cup. The person opens the door. The person looks out the door.
MKMFK There is a person standing in a hallway drinking out of a cup.  That same person then walks up to a pair of shoes and picks them up.
2Y8XQ A person is holding a towel and pours water into a glass and takes a drink and then sneezes.
9J7EW A person is standing and holding a plastic bag, looks inside it, then walks over to a chair and sits down, looks inside it again, then stops looking and removes their shoes.
NX8X9 A person is reading in a chair before eventually closing the book, picking up a broom and walking away.
BM3UJ A person opens a door and walks into a room holding a glass and a plate. They set the glass and plate down on a desk and sit down in front of their computer. They watch a video on their computer.
F2T43 Person smiling and laughing looking a camera and then suddenly gets up and walks away.
HJ4B1 A person wakes up, moves laptop and looks at a picture, then looks at a medicine bottle.
ECFMO A person is sweeping the doorway. A person is sneezing multiple times in the doorway.
RQRRD A person walks into a room and lifts the lid of a suitcase. The person pulls a shirt out and begins to change his shirt into the new one.
BDY1V A person is undressing and taking a pillow from the closet and snuggling with it.
2AG8W A person walks out of a room and finishes taking off their sweater which they then throw back into the room. They take off their slippers in the hall and walk away.
KERO6 A person places a pan over an open flame on a stove,the person then pour something onto the pan using a ladle.
5RPZA A person is laying on the floor while another person is sitting on the floor playing with a box and throwing it in the air.
ZIOET A person puts a towel in a bag, then washes their hands in the sink.
3MSZA a person stands ina  doorway eating then turns on a light
QUAFE A person takes clothing out of a washing machine, scrubs it, then puts it back into the machine, then moves a bag from one shelf to another.
0LHWF A person holding a sandwich  walks to a table and sits down on a chair. The picks up a book sitting on the table opens it and takes a bite from the sandwich. The person then lays the book down on the table, stands up and walks away
0V9WT A person stands on clothes, walks to a broom, picks it up, and begins tidying the floor.
3CLVI A person walks from a doorway into a room and grasps the doorknob to their closet door.  They take a towel from a smaller closet nearby and throw it on to a high shelf in their walk-in closet.
3IAPG A person puts clothes into a bag and drinks some water.
O3Y57 A person walks through a door and then closes it. Then dumps out some stuff from a bag onto the bed. The person puts the bag ontop of their head.
RO8Y6 A person enters a bathroom and takes something out of a bag and wipes it off, then puts it back into the bag and leaves.
7KW31 A person is holding a broom then taking off thier jacket.
HMA8E A person closes a window while another person lays/sits on a bed. The person on the bed touches a box.
J7BOV A person walks to a table, sets a camera down, and grabs a cup to drink from. The person sets the cup down on the table.
8D6PU The young lady got out of the room, started pacing back and forth and then came back to fix the camera.
1F4JZ A person is walking up to a mirror and then drinks some medicine. Afterwards the person pulls on the door that the mirror is on.
RGTLB a person sits at a table and laughs while looking at a video on their laptop
75F82 A person is sneezing in the doorway.  The person is vacuuming while eating a sandwich.
0IKE9 A person is sitting holding a wheel in front of the TV, they take a drink of water.
H047B A person sweeps the floor and places the dirt into a trash bag.
GN0M8 There is a person that walks in the hallway and they start dusting a picture off, after they are done cleaning the pictures they grab a broom and walk off.
8HW76 A person lying on a sofa watches something on a television while laughing and snuggling with a blanket.
MLHCK THERE IS A PERSON RUNNING IN PLACE IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM. HE STOPS AND GETS A DRINK OF WATER AND PICKS UP A MIRROR AND STARTS LOOKING AT HIMSELF.
Y7CGN A person is holding a broom and picks up some shoes then walks out of the room.
KOQGE A person is sitting in a chair playing on a phone. Then another person runs into the room and speaks to the person sitting in the chair.
MME0V A person is fixing a door knob.
50EBU A person is watching television while eating a sandwich.
M8OYC A person puts a bag of groceries on a chair and starts groceries out and putting them up.
GR4MX A person holds a mop, while holding onto a towel.
8W829 A person walks through a room with a sandwich and set it on a shelf, they then pick up a bag and leave the room.
31YNM A person is sitting in a chair trying to fix a lamp then they turn the lamp on and then they drink from their coffee cup.
RLQ9K {}
JCFFS A person is drinking a bottle while looking at the mirror.
LXLW4 A person is sitting in a chair, rocking back and forth, while watching a television. The person grabs a cup from a table and takes a drink from it.
8IDIY Person walking in room with broom, puts the broom in the corner, and then goes to pick up a laptop before leaving the room.
IGF81 A person is wiping off a table with a cloth. They walk into another room and pick up a bottle of medicine, open it up and take out some pills.
HP3HV a person takes off a sweater and smiles
HQ8ZM A person walks through the doorway, looking at their phone. The person sets the phone on the table.
QBUAT The person begins to undress. The person then opens a closet door and pulls out a blanket. The person begins to get dressed.
SR8IK A person is sleeping on a desk while sitting in a chair. The person wakes up, drinks from a glass, and does their homework.
9EEGQ Person standing in kitchen putting dishes on shelf while another person is coming inside through the door.
JOHZ0 A person takes something off a shelf and takes a drink from a glass.
318CP A young person pulled some food out of the bag, eating some of it, and then drinking from a glass
UM5II There is a person eating food off a plate.  That same person sneezes, puts the plate down and opens some medicine.
HS14N A person runs into a kitchen and grabs a blue plate from the top shelf of a cabinet. The person looks at the plate and walks away, and another person is briefly seen.
F024X A person takes off a coat and then places a pillow onto a chair.
ZFT06 A person that is laughing opens the refrigerator, takes out a glass and closes the refrigerator door.
O3HV7 Person awakening from bed, sits up, puts on glasses, reaches for cup, drinks out of it, place cup back, wraps clothes around them, yawn and lays back down.
DOLQ1 A person walks up to a bathroom sink and steps on a pillow. A person opens a cabinet and removes medicine.
MLWB5 The person is wraps the laptop with a towel after getting up from laying on the floor and moving their hair away.
47Y1V A person is holding a paper, while picking up a shirt, and a ashtray.
8XJP7 A person is  todying up a table and putting plates away.
UY0SK The person is wiping a wall while wearing gloves. They appear to be sneezing while doing this. They pick up a paper off the floor and put it down with the glove and then watch TV while eating something.
AM3U4 Someone walks up to their closet with a chair in front of it and puts something away, looks at the camera, and walks off again.
DPLMM A person sitting on the floor cuddles with a pillow. The person lays down. The person stands up sets the pillow on the floor. The person walks out of the room and turns out the light.
5GHV3 A person picks up a shirt off of a bed and puts it on.  That same person then picks up a book off the bed.
M4Z0M A person is walking back and forth eating something.
ZSAQG A person is looking at a mirror fixing their hair, while another person runs with a paper in their hands.
HXUI5 A person is putting on shoes and a shirt, fixes their hair, while looking at a mirror then using a camera to take a picture of the person.
ZUU8W A person is using a laptop and sitting on a chair
IKYAW A person closes the pantry and fixes the doorknob.
S407A A person is sitting in a chair holding a towel, and pouring a cup of water.
XSVLL A person is running from a kitchen table to the front door in another room. The person runs back to the kitchen and sits down at the table and looks in a mirror.
0HR01 A person holding a blanket opens the door to a pantry and begins to look around, they then begin shining a light around.
AVSPS A person is sitting on a couch eating something from a bowl. They put it down and grab a broom and start sweeping.
DCV2M This person is in a bedroom and sleeping on the bed. Wakes up, checks phone, stands up and unbuttons their shirt.
K1QIV A person is using a broom to seep the floor another person comes in and looks in the mirror then they walk back out.
VVQYB Person A is  sitting down and Person B is walking through the doorway to brush their teeth in the sink.
FR5FD person sitting and drinking gets up walks out
2FG3P a person is sitting on the floor talking on the phone and inspecting a box.
J1KLV Aperson standing on stairs looking at phone with blanket. Person walks up stairs puts blanket on shoulder, opens door and leaves.
Q3Z4V Person walking downstairs while taking off scarf and jacket and when sits on the bottom step and takes a drink from a cup.
6V20P A person puts a pillow on a shelf and then grabs a glass and walks out of the room.
LG7WK Person is awakening on floor next to door, then looks at picture on top of box and puts it back.
1LEE4 a person wearing a hat , standing by a sink, sneezes twice and all the last sneeze, the hat falls off.
1TIAK A person puts something on a shelf and then reads some homework.
JVOM3 A person is reading a book. The person cuddles the book then shines a flashlight around the room. The person goes back to reading, the book. The person then sets the book and flashlight down on the table and starts undressing and taking off their shoes.
3B97C a person holding a laptop and sitting it down
HBL9L A person eats and uses their laptop sitting on the steps in the house.
4H64T A person is turning on the television. The person then goes to the fridge and takes out some food and begins eating it.
UYZKX A person walks into the closet and places clothes on a shelf. They sneeze while doing so.
KZS5M A person closes a door and turns on a light. They then sit on a bed and eat a sandwich while watching TV.
OMFVL A person holds onto a doorknob and then picks up and looks at a box.
VAV4C A person is sitting in the bathroom eating a sandwich and holding a glass. They then drink form the glass and leave.
GI61S A person is trying to fix a light in a garage. while holding a sandwich
74GN1 A person is mixing something in a pot on a stove. They turn off the heat, grab some towels and take the pot to somewhere else.
GHC5X A person sitting on stairs packages items into a box. They begin to walk down the stairs, then turn, grab a bottle of water, and continue going downstairs.
AWW55 Someone is sitting down on a sofa and eating something while they drink from a glass, sitting on a pillow.
DD3Q1 A person puts boots on their feet while sitting in a chair.
HYOQB A person stands up from a bed and takes off their shoes and then leaves the room.
R1KMF person folding a towel put it in a purse and goes out a door
W7CR5 A person throws a towel into the air.
S7JTZ A person took a selfie in front of a mirror in the bathroom and sat on a tub.
FT9PW One person is in the fridge looking for something, while another person is holding a chair with a dog on it.
FQS7O The person is doing their homework on a table, moves the table, and as they get up, take a towel from the floor.
3G1OQ A person is laying on her bed, sending texts on a cell phone. Then the person quickly gets up and walks to the mirror and does her hair.
NBMH9 A person closes a door, opens the door, walks through the door, and sits in a chair.
SY5QP A standing person puts a sandwich down. Grabs and drinks from a cup.
6FJBD a man sitting looking at a laptop and grabbing a box off the table.
WP5RH A person runs in the kitchen, climbs on to the counter top, and gets a red lunchbox out of the cabinet. He walks out of the room and halts in the doorway while arranging the straps on the lunchbox.
TUJF4 man walks through door and rubs his feet on the rug and picks up some shoes.
HSKVH A person opens the door to a hallway closet and puts some medicine inside. They then turn off the hall light.
X87CU A person is standing in the kitchen holding a broom. Another person in the room is eating from a bag. They are both laughing.
PDH7G Person walks down hall carrying purse, place purse on counter, looks in mirror, touches face and hair, walks out bathroom and down hallway.
EDSUD This person walks in the door, hangs up a jacket, takes off their shoes, then picks up something.
YWS08 Someone is sitting on the toilet in the bathroom. They stand up and wash their hands.
NEA53 A person is walking down the stairs holding a bag and a phone. When they get to the bottom of the stairs they open and walk through a door.
K9EAZ A person is running in place, checks his hair in a mirror, then puts on a shirt.
M3OMM The person is undressing and taking off their jacket and replacing it with a blanket.
47RAA A person pours water into a cup and then looks at his phone. The person takes clothes out of a closet and into a box.
CDVXN A person is holding their laptop watching something. They are standing up and holding onto the doorknob. They then walk out of the room.
YT2C3 A person opens doors to a cabinet, checks a phone that is being held, puts it on a counter, removes paper towels from a shelf, takes one off and returns the roll to the shelf. The person then picks up the phone and washes the phone with the paper towel.
K6W5I A person walks to a table and takes groceries out of a bag and puts them in a cabinet.
K9UXS A persone takes clothes from a box and begins to fold them.  The person is sitting down while this occurs.
1V30R Two people are inside a room. One person is standing around doing nothing, the other is sitting on the ground fixing a vacuum cleaner.
1XBU2 One person plays on a laptop while seated in a chair, while another seated person sits and eats a sandwich at a table.
P0NLV A person is sitting down at a chair and working on some homework. They look frustrated and bang their pencil on the paper.
UD0P0 A personis pouring water into a glass and drinking it. Another person pours water into a glass and drinks it and then takes a picture with their camera.
XNGAV A person standing at the top of stairs holding a phone turns and holds the phone in to the air to take selfie pictures.
7B6FP A person is sitting on the floor reading a book. the person closes the book, stand and walks out through a door they open.
TCOXG A person is sitting at a desk while another person places a book on a shelf and removes a glass and drinks from it.
POACA The person is sitting on a couch, reading a book, and then uses a remote control to do something on the television.
26RQN A person stirs something on a stove then grabs a towel and wipes off the table.
FV8CK A person walks up to the bottom of the stairs holding a box and a bottle. Another person appears at the top of the stairs with a bag and starts taking laundry out of it and throwing it onto the stairs. Both people exit the room.
8CCEV a man sitting on the floor with a pillow and laptop and stands up.
0RNG6 PERSON WALKS IN TAKES A PICTURE OFF THE WALL, SITS DOWN WITH THE PICTURE AND STARTS CLEANING IT WITH A TOWEL
RSFGZ A person walks down stairs taking off a shirt. They then grab a broom and walk down the stairs.
K0FAG Person in kitchen picks up plate with sandwich and glass then stands there jabbering and laughing.
ZF7YA The person walks down the stairs and sits on a pillow, and attempts to fix the door by taking off hinges
CR2IM A person is looking in the pantry and grabs a blanket. The person then sits down, and snuggles with the blanket.
DHDCF A person is in a doorway. They walk and turn off a light while smiling and drinking water from a glass.
8KRLV A person is standing in front of a dresser putting some clothes up after the person is done they take their coat off.
76TOK A person is sitting down in a chair with a laptop on their lap watching something. They pick up a glass and start drinking water.
MRZ44 A person stands in front of a table while eating a sandwich.
MYBRN A person sneezes before picking up their bag and closing the doors to the cabinet.
32K2C A person is sitting on the couch holding a laptop while watching the television.
H5CJD Person comes into the kitchen to stir a pot on the stove, turns to open the refrigerator, sneezes, and then walks out of the room.
I52A6 A man drinking something and walking to the bathroom to pour the remainder out.
01THT The person picks up two bowls and pours something from one bowl to the other bowl
3JXKZ The person was sitting on a sofa,opened a bag get phone out and  used the phone to send text.
4683D a man is walking around and moving objects around and one man is walking around aswell.
35ZZP A person opens a refrigerator and takes out groceries and is making a sandwich.
EW8GX A person places items into a box. They close a laptop and place it in the box, then pick up the box and walk around.
D0Y4L A man walks inside a house and turns to close the door. Then, he walks down many steps and into a room where he picks up a remote and looks at the television.
XHN6Y A person is cooking on the stove  then opens a cabinet takes out a bowl and serves themselves some food.
APLZS A person sitting at a table drinking from a cup.The person turns and looks in side a box sitting on top of a chair.
O1PD3 A person is walking around with a towel then they begin to dress in front of a mirror.
YUTDC A person walks to a shelf and pours a cup of liquid from a bottle. The person drinks from the cup and places the cup on the shelf again.
FQGW4 A person walks in the room and kicks off their shoes.  The person is carrying milk and a glass.  Then the person puts the glass on the table, pours some milk into it and sneezes.  Then they drink the milk and sit in a chair to watch tv.
VXEXI Two people are in a room.  Person 1 is sitting at a table and picks up a mug.  The person plays with the mug while smiling.  Person 2 is standing looking through a book.  person 2 sneezes.
GAOV2 A person is playing with their phone, while sneezing. A person then puts a laptop in a bag.
132HR A person is running through a hallway smiling and holding food on a plate and a mirror
ZZ4GP A person is cooking on the stove they walk over and get the vacuum then they vacuum the floor.
HNPX7 The person is sitting in the floor of the hallway going through a bag. The person sneezes a couple of times and then moves the bag.
9HG4Z A person walks into a room and closes the door. That same person then picks up some bread and places it on a table.
TIWRY A person is unloading groceries from a bag and then cleans a glass of water.
AX46Z A person is lying on the bed.
759MY A person lying on a couch in a living room sits up and places a remote control on a desk, then the person puts shoes on gets up and picks up the remote control and walks away.
AB2V6 Person sitting on the sofa opening and closing a box stands up pick up a laptop off the table to use.
Q7IQI a person wrapped in a blanket sitting at a desk looking at a book sneezing
LHTSI A person walked over to a door, checked out the doorknob, examined both sides of the door, then picked up a packaged item from a table and walked away.
SE2K2 A person is standing in the kitchen and holding something in their arms. A second person comes in through a door and sits on the ground while holding the doorknob.
1ZWPP a person looking into a mirror and looking at a bottle
3HRNV A person is standing in a study, holding a bag and a glass of coffee. The person laughs and takes a few steps further into the room.
77Z0Z A person takes a towel out of  drawer, sets it down on a desk and laughs.
3OZUX A person is cleaning a mirror another person is walking towards the stairs holding a plate in their hands.
D1NT7 The person puts dishes in a box. The person then puts the box on a bed, and folds a blanket.
WX711 2 people sitting in a living room, one is reading a paper, the other takes a pill and drinks from a cup.
WWL0K A person is standing on the stairs, covered with a blanket, looking at a book. The person then sneezes, throws the blanket on the floor, and hurries down the stairs.
7DEBA A person is walking down some stairs, carrying a bag of groceries. The person begins sneezing.
VXZBA A person is sitting on a couch, while another person is walking, smiling and talking.
MIAE4 a woman hanging a purse on a knob and then sitting on a bed.
G2AMK The person is watching television and folding clothes
ZIP18 A person puts on pants than sits on a bed with a laptop.
LFDQF A person stands in a hallway looking at pictures on the wall while drinking a glass of water. A person then examines the water in the glass under the light, looks back at the pictures and smiles.
TFWNO A person with a towel wrapped around them is looking at themselves in the mirror. They grab a plate of food from a table and take a couple bites and then tosses the blanket on the ground to pick it back up and start folding it.
AEKYE A person sits on a sofa with a pillow while looking in the mirror and eating.
MCMTH Person walk in the room put medicine in a glass and drink take the glass to the sink and rinse the glass out.
MYQZJ A person walks into a room and looks for items in a drawer.  the person then takes out an item, looks at it, and puts it back in the drawer.  The person then dust the table with a rag.
E84XY A person is in a kitchen stirring and seasoning food in a pot on a stove. The person tastes the food and grabs an item from the shelf and holds it.
ABPGE A person grabs a glass of water and drinks it, then grabs a book and leafs through it.
06LBQ A person is vacuuming the floor they then put the vacuum down and take a box and close it.
2Q6SZ A person is eating from a bowl. Another person walks in the room and puts something into the sink.
1F706 A person opens a door and looks through the cabinet. They reach for something, then take a bag of food and close the cabinet.
WK9HE Person cleans their door window and door. They then clean the glass table before texting on their phone.
J3RD3 A person walks through a door, grabs a broom. Then the person starts to dust their pillow.
BB7WL The person opens a wardrobe, and takes out a garment. They then throw the garment. They take out another garment and throw that one too.
A3XXB A person folds a blanket and hangs it up. Then, the person grabs a box.
PXVRF A person is standing while looking at their phone, they toss it onto the couch when they are done with it.
PT4XS A person sits at a table and plays with a book.  They get up and go into the kitchen and embrace someone doing dishes in a sink.
EYXSM A person is sitting on a bed looking out the window, then sneezes and wipes their face with a towel.
OJYDD A person is picking up clothes and a pillow and folding them then setting them on the sofa, they then pour themselves a drink in a glass.
SH20Q A person is looking in the pantry. A person grabs a cereal box, and pours out the cereal, and puts the box in the trash
OU3XH A person is sitting at a table playing with their phone. Then They pick up some food and start eating it and take a drink of coffee.
VNMNF A person standing watching a television ,pulls a remote from their pocket try to turn the television off.The person throws the remote down walks over and turn the television off.The person turns grabs a books sits down in a chair.
RT1JY A person is taking a jacket off and throws it onto the bed. The person then sits on the bed and turns on the tv.
HRJX1 A person cleaned a door with a towel. The person wiped the upper part of the door and the glass panels before folding the towel and wiping the bottom of the door. The person then walked away.
6JLD4 A person turns on a light and enters a closet. The person dresses, turns off the light, closes the door and leaves.
M9NAG A person is sleeping on a couch when they wake up, stretch and walk into another room.
07BSH A person tidies the floor with a vacuum.  They then pick up two bags of groceries and walk out of the room.
LFPWI A person is standing in the bathroom doorway and looking at a mirror while undressing.
LWRKS A person sits a glass on a table and turns on a light before leaving.
ACKR6 A person is holding a bookbag. A person then puts the bookbag on the table. A person then takes off their shoes.
7ZL8E The person siting down holding a box took off boots pour something from the box into the boots put the boots away stood up and stop the video.
807JJ A person wipes a couch with a towel.
4RKKP A person opens a box, removes a cup, then returns the cup and closes the box.
1FIGA A person holding a box walks over to cabinet, opens the cabinet, puts the box on a shelf and then closes the cabinet.
W8XQ9 The person picks up a sweatshirt off the table, folds is up and places it on a chair.
HAPCT A man is sitting on the floor watching tv.  He removes his shoes and goes back to sitting no the floor.  He begins laughing at the video.
7614L A man on stairs cleaning shoes and with a broom as well.
02SKC A PERSON IS LAYING DOWN COVERED UP TOSSING AND TURNING, THEN GRABS A PHONE AND PUT IT IN A PURSE
VRXQX A person begins getting dressed and then takes a drink form a glass.
SAO1A A person is sitting at a desk looking at a computer. The person then picks up a glass and takes a drink. Then the person reaches into a bag of chips.
BYP85 a person gets dressed in a closet, then puts some clothes away, grabs a bag, and walks out.
20LDB A person is tidying up clothes on the sofa, while holding a camera.
J662Y A person eating food on a dish, stands, grasps a broom, and begins sweeping the floor.
MJYTA A person takes some items off a counter and places them on a table.
4A28I A person is holding a bag. A person is laughing.
NAZ52 Person is sitting on bed with box, then person opens box and starts laughing while taking stuff out box, then closes box and puts it on shelf.
JT537 The person swept the floor in the kitchen. When finished they walked through the doorway outside.
0G50G A person puts away and arranges some food in a glass display case. There is a person standing behind that person that appears to just be watching.
LTY2P someone drinking something and has a jacket half on
LLE9B A person is sitting at a table with a laptop eating and closes the laptop.
735W9 A person picks up a vacuum cleaner, tinkers with it for a couple moments then sets it back on the table. The person picks up a blanket and sets it on the table.
B6XQZ The person walks into the kitchen and appears to be bowing repeatedly to an individual through the laptop's webcam.
J5DOP A person sitting next to a vacuum puts on some shoes, then stands up.  They walk over and open the refrigerator.
F1LTO A person is holding a sandwich in their hand.  They open the doors of a cabinet and see a laptop on a shelf.  They close the cabinet doors.
D8K7T person throws pillow and walks out of room
LSKA2 A person is inspecting a sandwich that is on a chair, they then take the sandwich and continue to inspect it as they walk away.
